That was a rather ominous start.
Whoa.
the specializations should make you suspicious, because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate, and then one should be a little bit suspicious, and that's sort of my starting bias.
The specializations should make you suspicious, because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate, and then one should be a little bit suspicious, and that's sort of my starting bias.
How do you think they live with themselves at this point when they just lie again and again and we have the internet to expose the lies?
If this isn't 20 years ago when you were on CNN and we couldn't expose things, we can expose it now and they still do it.
Well, I guess I would ask myself, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I don't like lying.
I certainly do it out of weakness or whatever.
a condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not,
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Actually, J.J.
Cooley's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I woke up this morning, and the sun was gone.
Turned on some music to start my day.
And I asked myself, did I forget a song?
If this is fate as the years go by, can I stir a cup as I walk along?
when i'm tired i'm thinking cold i hide in my music forget the day and dream of a girl i used to know i close my
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
It's still Rocktober in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where GigaOM Biological comes to you live in the back of my garage.
Hopefully there's
Not any incriminating evidence on the table here.
I didn't really check before I switched to my overhead cam.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome, welcome.
This is the Bat Cave at night.
I was going to build a fire, but it's threatening to rain and I didn't want to be dealing with that.
Um, so, uh, this is Rocktober.
Um, I gotta tell you, we're still here trying to stay focused.
Is this supposed to be over here?
Are we supposed to be doing the big sweep?
And then that would be down there.
And then I could cut over to this one.
Good evening.
Hello.
Welcome.
It's all nice and cozy in here today.
Um, we're still staying focused on the biology.
are still not taking the bait on social media.
And we're still trying to love our neighbors.
We're still trying to reconnect with the right people in America to try and bring ourselves out of this nosedive.
And the Right Now Show has been a focus of mine for the last couple of weeks.
The last time that I used this particular slide deck The right now show was about the RFK jr.
Enchantment and a new rule admission which referred to something that Bill Maher does which is always the same cast the same cast of characters and Then I also had a little segment that I saved up that I hadn't ever really gotten to called the longest con Can you still see it?
And I was gonna show you all kinds of stuff about how all these people had been put in place
During the course of the pandemic and then they're all getting rolled out in different time frames and it's all just this It's like they're in order for the play to last seven or eight years You got to have seven or eight years of script complete with seven or eight years of drama and questions and investigations and I don't know what else but they've definitely done it and they've done it in a way that is
Quite frankly, I got to admit here, on the 22nd of October of 2025, I may have overestimated how far off script they are.
They might actually be right, pretty much still right in the groove.
They may have had to work harder to keep it in that groove.
They may have had to work harder in order to make sure that people didn't find out the truth.
They may have had to work harder because of our work here at GigaOM Biological, maybe harder because of the work that Mark Kulak has done, or harder because some of the work that other people have done on the internet, but as a whole,
I think they intended more or less to bring us right here.
And what I have been trying to make the argument for the last, I don't know, very many months, sorry, I'm shaking the whole table there is that, you know, as, as naive as I was, I, I, at one point also thought that Robert F. Kennedy jr.
Was a legitimate
objective, you know, free thinking, well-meaning, good-hearted, insightful, intelligent actor, you know, like as in person trying to do something in the world.
And it turns out that I don't think that's the case at all.
I think he could be the victim of an extremely focused and elaborate mind control operation since he was very, very young.
Trauma opens up all kinds of doors for reprogramming and so does drug abuse and drug addiction.
It's just remarkable.
I think America was set up for this.
I think that the Kennedy family was set up for this level of discrediting for many, many years.
I mean, it's just hard for me to believe, ladies and gentlemen.
that I'm about to show you a PBS News frontline documentary called The Rise of RFK Jr.
And it is going to feature all of the players that we have been laying out the chronology of.
And it's going to feature all of the narratives that we have been relaying out the chronology of.
It is it is gonna blow your mind because I'm sorry we've been we have been right This has been an elaborate hoax and an operation that included Exquisitely, this is what's so amazing to see that a biosecurity national security state multiple Western nations involved this kind of
operation was coordinated to the extent to which, orchestrated to the extent to which, they even controlled the candidates in office and orchestrated those changes in power from one administration to the next flawlessly.
so that the blame, the mystery, the intrigue, and the credit could all be spread in different ways by different people from different perspectives, and they could all be telling the truth.
I just can't even believe that I'm here to watch this thing right now.
So I'm just gonna start it right now because I think it's just better that way if we just play it.
So I think I can just... Where is it?
It's over here.
Right?
And then... Oh no, then I gotta cut over here.
This has gotta be this one.
Cause this one would be... Right?
This one would be over here and then... Is it gonna play?
There it is.
Front line.
I mean, I don't know what to tell you anymore.
This goal will be to make America healthy again.
Senator Kennedy has been shot.
The young man whose father just was assassinated.
This is an inescapable trauma.
Once you start seeing the world through a conspiratorial lens, I think you start to see conspiracies everywhere.
They're not playing by the rules.
They're not using gold standard science.
They're not using evidence.
He's the most famous Kennedy in America right now.
Now on Frontline, the rise of RFK Jr.
Hmm.
Trying to make it louder, but it's not getting much louder.
Okay, so already we're starting with this, right?
Look at this.
So they already started it with letting you know that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
said out loud many times, in fact, that he thought that Donald Trump was the answer to his prayers.
Like, that's pretty extraordinary, right?
Why is that not going back?
Look at that.
So this is how they open.
Something has happened at the Trump... Oh, we see Donald Trump there at a rally in Pennsylvania.
Clearly, Secret Service wants to get him out of this situation.
The moment that Donald Trump was missed by the bullet, we all saw this image of Trump standing with the American flag blowing behind him and blood running down his face.
I don't know how you beat that image.
Let me speak for myself.
I just thought he just won the presidency of the United States of America.
I felt very emotional.
So we're really here, right?
There was something.
So this is going to annoy me watching president Trump.
So we're really here right now confirming that Donald Trump was shot and that when Donald Trump was shot, that Robert F. Kennedy jr.
Was persuaded to call Donald Trump by Cali means.
And that Del Bigtree was there when it happened.
And so, the spell is being cast, ladies and gentlemen, around the world.
And the vast majority of people are fully under the capture of this spell.
It's right now.
with the blood dripping down his face and the history of Bobby's experiences with assassination.
Law enforcement agencies are treating this as an attempted assassination.
I felt a spiritual urge to call Bobby and put on his radar that this might be the time to call President Trump.
And Bobby, after some reflection, thought that was a good idea.
And I worked with Tucker Carlson, who connected Bobby to President Trump as he was leaving the hospital.
I think a real relationship between the two men was forged on that first night.
Bobby asked about his family.
Having grown up with assassination of his own family, he said, this can be very traumatic for your kids and your grandkids.
How's everybody doing?
Trump said, I appreciate you asking, Bobby.
You know, everyone's doing OK under the circumstances.
President Trump then said to Bobby, I'm glad you called, Bobby.
I've been wanting to talk to you.
We should really work together.
I think that this is kind of extraordinary that PBS News is letting Del Bigtree talk as the campaign manager of the 2024 presidential campaign of RFK Jr.
without ever filling in his role in establishing the anti-vax movement in America, actually two years before they ever recruited him.
They put out the Vax movie, they got Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy over here, and they're not gonna say anything about Del Bigtree being that guy.
They're just letting Del Bigtree being a good-looking guy with big blue eyes, you know, nice suit, talking about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in a very sympathetic voice.
That's interesting.
I would be, I would love you to just, and I think it would be so good for you, and so big for you, and we're gonna win.
We're gonna win.
We were all sort of shocked.
We just thought it was going to be a condolences, you know, the call to wish everyone well, but it really sunk deep into Bobby.
And we were like, wait a minute, are you, are you actually considering joining president Trump?
And, uh, and he's.
Make no mistake about it.
This guy is a podcast actor.
Right?
He's a podcast actor.
That's what we should see here.
He said, I don't know.
Which meant to all of us, oh my God, he's thinking about this.
The son of Democratic icon, Robert Kennedy, suspending his independent campaign and endorsing Donald Trump.
Kennedy has done the unthinkable, throw the family name behind a Republican candidate.
He's seen his elevation to power and status again.
It's a real inflection point, a real renaissance.
I think that's really notable in his life.
He's already had a period in his life when he was an addict.
He publicly had a fall from grace.
Rehabilitated himself.
Oh What's that?
What wait what hello?
I'll go that.
Oh, wow.
What was that?
rehabilitate bingo So we know what this picture is, right?
That's that's some guy who like Did a show or something right Mark Kulak can tell you about that.
I think that's funny So
He became a vaccine skeptic, fell from mainstream grace.
Now he's been rehabilitated by a powerful sector of American society.
He's been rehabilitated by a powerful sector of American society.
Would that powerful sector be a sector of people trying to create the illusion of a populist conservative movement in America that by definition is kind of dumb because
Conservative people don't do that.
But then, you know, she had tipped a mark for that really, I think, very astute observation.
And so what we have is an anti-vax movement that was essentially sabotaged by a bunch of actors on a shitty script.
And essentially that's what we have in the Trump administration.
It is a conservative movement on a shitty script.
And so you're given really bad alternatives that made it seem pretty obvious that you weren't going to vote for Biden or Harris.
And so the fake conservative movement still seemed pretty reasonable.
Don't get caught up into this, you know, the lesser of two evils kind of thing.
That's not the right way to describe it.
You're choosing from two actors, two bands at the same Lollapalooza.
And in the last, say, 12 years, the bands that win the Lollapalooza contest have been rigged.
The bands have agreed to not play their hits when they need to play their hits and play their hits when they're called on to play their hits.
And people have been put in place.
Bands have been playing shitty music for a long time, and they don't seem to get any better, even though they've been on stage for so long, and they've had so many sets to frickin' improve the transition between the two songs that they play every night, but they can't do it.
And the reason why is because they are scripted that way.
And what we see here is the culmination of many years of a script, and please understand,
It is so important to understand that this book right here by Sky Horse Publishing, the same publishing company that published all of Robert Malone's books, published all of Robert F. Kennedy's books, published the book of Judy Mikovits, published the book of James Lyons Weiler, published the book of all of these clowns.
also published a book in 2008 with Jesse Ventura.
It was mostly a story about him and his rise or dealing with being the governor of Minnesota, but the epilogue is a story about if the body Ventura were to run for president as a Republican and then take
as his running mate, the vice president, or sorry, as his running mate, as a vice president, the independent candidate, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
That is the epilogue of this book, in 2008, by Skyhorse Publishing.
Tony Lyons!
Tony Lyons is gonna be in this documentary!
It's just not possible, ladies and gentlemen, it's not possible.
becoming a Kennedy again in that glamorous Camelot way, but within the Trump movement.
He's the most famous Kennedy in America right now.
Please recall that PBS Frontline has given us multiple hours of Steve Bannon's political insight.
Multiple hours.
They've given us all kinds of coronavirus stuff, all kinds of climate change stuff, all kinds of America's divided and destroying itself stuff.
And so this is exactly in the same pipeline here.
I am announcing today my candidacy for the presidency of the United States.
In 1968, 14-year-old Bobby Kennedy watched as his father commanded the national spotlight.
I think about what it must have been like to be a young child, raised with just cameras on you all the time.
There's a lot of mythologizing that begins almost from the cradle in that family.
He writes about the kind of access that he had as a young child to some of the biggest political figures of his time.
Bearing witness to moments in history that most of us just read about in history books.
That has a pretty powerful effect on a young person in their sense of a mandate to do something with their lives.
Matters are remedy.
We cannot be satisfied.
And that's why I run for president of the United States.
Bobby Kennedy, the father, was running for president as a kind of having taken the baton of JFK and taking it to a new place.
So Vanity Fair is the news organization that published the existence of drastic and then Tucker Carlson, like,
broadcast the existence of that article in Vanity Fair and interviewed the author of it on his show while he was still on Fox in 2021.
Vanity Fair is just one of these places that will do the same thing that the New York Times or the Atlantic will do.
And so in this case, this guy is just magnificent.
By the end of this, you're not going to like him very much.
It had been four years since young Bobby's uncle, President John F. Kennedy, had been killed.
President Kennedy has been assassinated.
It's official now.
The president is dead.
RFK, particularly in the wake of his brother's death, had a real deep spiritual soul-searching.
And that run in 68 was pretty monumental and pretty brave in a lot of ways for someone who had watched his brother die.
It's interesting that they have people that could not possibly have any personal knowledge of this talk about it.
It's kind of odd in my mind, but it's the way this is done.
So what they're going to do now in my mind is show you a lot of stuff that if they had class, if this was still really about class and about, you know, a higher kind of thinking and doing, they wouldn't show you.
And in fact, it's odd that it even exists.
It's extraordinary.
Public life.
I run because I am convinced that this country is on a perilous course and because I have such strong feelings about what must be done.
And I feel that I'm obliged to do all that I can.
He was willing to fight for what he believed was right and he was willing to make sacrifices.
Robert Kennedy learned through losing his own brother about being a compassionate human being.
and he carried that on as he was able to touch and reach people in that way that I think Bobby Jr.
really longed for himself.
I ask for your help to change the course of the United States, to give us back our spirit, give us back our heart, and give us back our soul.
I ask for your help.
Bobby saw as a boy and a teenager that his father had these qualities
His dad was definitely someone he emulated and felt he had to continue to do whatever he could as he grew up to follow that.
I'm warning you that you are being set up, okay?
Understand, you're being set up.
It seems like PBS NewsHour is incredibly sympathetic.
He deeply, deeply loved his father.
Home was Hickory Hill.
a Virginia estate where his father built a paradise for Bobby, his brothers, and sisters.
♪ ♪ The backdrop for this is his very unusual childhood.
He's one of 11 children in a house that is wild in a lot of ways.
I think wild with kids running around, wild with this big family.
And there's a lot of money
and there's a ton of animals.
He had a lot of exotic animals, lizards and snakes, and he had a terrarium in Hickory Hill.
I mean, Hickory Hill was, you know, as Andre Malraux said, hell's a-poppin'.
Bobby's cousin Stephen was often at Hickory Hill.
It was a really fun, chaotic and interesting place to be.
I had a pet show every year for charity.
When he was very young, his father gave him a gift, and it was a red-tailed hawk.
And he fell in love with this bird.
Dick Russell wrote a biography of RFK Jr.
and is a close friend.
It went from raising falcons to whitewater rafting trips that his father took him on on the Hudson River and elsewhere.
took him down to the Grand Canyon, showed him the beauty of the outdoors, and he fell in love with it.
I think for a boy growing up in this sort of fairytale atmosphere, it must have been really exciting, privileged,
energizing in all sorts of ways.
But also nightmarish.
What happens when it goes wrong?
My thanks to all of you, and now it's on to Chicago, and let's win there.
Thank you very much.
What happens when it turns out not to be a dream, but actually turns into a kind of nightmare?
Which it does, in the most horrible, violent ways.
Please remember that trauma is a great way to open your mind to manipulation or influence or suggestion and so showing this video is
and the music and the lead up to it so that you feel like you're in the shoes of that young boy, that young 14 year old whose dad's about to die.
That's being done on purpose.
This is classless because it is a military, militarily precise emotional manipulation of the audience
because they're about to take this fake conservative populist movement in America and make it face plant on itself.
That was the whole reason they got everybody riled up behind Trump and behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and behind the fake health freedom movement, was to get them set up for a face plant.
That's it, Wafers, get it.
Hit the gun, Wafers.
Okay, now hold on to the guy.
cameras captured the moments of Bobby grieving.
If the cameras captured the moments of Bobby grieving and Bobby is now the HHS secretary in America, why in the world would they feel like it would be okay to show it?
What archive is this in?
Unless they're, you know, manipulating you.
The day of the funeral, he just kind of goes up to his father's office and looks at all the pictures and lays down and just cries.
I didn't see what her credentials were.
How the hell does she know all this?
It's just a 14-year-old kid sobbing for hours in his father's office.
Now the car bearing Senator Kennedy is passing by this point.
Of course, he talked about this train ride on stage in Boston.
My father organized that train that went from St.
Patrick's Cathedral to Arlington Cemetery.
I was on that train myself.
I, like Bobby, looked out the window for, I think it was six hours.
Over two million people, I believe, on the tracks.
It was very, very moving.
Losing a parent under any circumstance is devastating, especially when you're young.
It has to be exceptionally more so when you're in the public eye and you're 14 years old.
It would have to be even more so, right, if your father was killed by the intelligence agencies because of some reason, like they run the world.
And so they killed your father and your uncle.
And so they, how many of these Kennedy kids were under the focus of intense control operations after these great big intelligence agencies or organized crime or the Jews, whoever it was, killed his father and his uncle.
It's kind of like Mark said the other day that if you could have stopped the terrorists from crashing the planes into the buildings, wouldn't the explosives still been there?
And so they're not really talking about it in the right way, right?
Because I guess some crazy guy just killed his uncle and some crazy guy just killed his dad and who did it and why they did it doesn't even matter.
They're not going to acknowledge that that's the biggest conspiracy on earth.
That there are more explanations and more bad guys associated with the assassination of those two guys than any other story on earth.
It makes Charlie Kirk look like an open shut case.
It makes Donald Trump's shooting in Butler, Pennsylvania look like an open and shut case.
Kid went on social media, got bad ideas, climbed on roof, got shot.
And I guess the same with the guy with the trans boyfriend or something like that.
We're supposed to believe.
that despite the fact that everybody around the world believes that RFK and JFK were killed by an elaborate government conspiracy that might've also involved either the Vatican or the Russians or the Jews or something, or the organized crime, I don't know, that then they just stopped and then they let everything go again.
They let all their kids go and, you know, let all the, everything, that's it.
Just, they got rid of the dads and then that was enough.
Then they stopped doing stuff until they got Epstein out there.
And then I guess Epstein started controlling people because, I don't know.
You see how dumb this story is?
It's remarkable.
It was probably extremely traumatic and terrifying and sad.
How do you make sense of your life as John Kennedy's nephew and Robert Kennedy's son, carrying almost a stigmata?
Are you good enough to be that kind of martyr?
Carrying a stigmata, in case you're not aware of what that means, it means that you have the signs of a crucifixion in your hands because you're a saint.
And you're like, what kind of stupid ass statement is that for him with a non-American accent to make on my American public television, damn it.
It's a burden, even in much better circumstances.
But to do so in circumstances of trauma, of just immense pain,
You know, it just has to leave very, very deep psychological scars.
That was a really difficult time after Bobby's father was killed.
Things definitely changed.
I think a lot of people had...
maybe unrealized, you know, trauma, looking back on it.
I think people just sort of soldiered through it, and it was probably difficult for a lot of people, you know, not only in my generation, but for the older generation as well.
Bobby's mother struggled to comfort her children.
Ethel was pregnant with her 11th child when RFK was assassinated.
And I think she was overwhelmed in the aftermath of the assassination.
Bobby really was a little bit lost in the shuffle.
The effect of that for Bobby Kennedy was a really difficult relationship with his mother, a contentious relationship with his mother.
She sent him off to boarding school.
He gets sent off to start his freshman year of high school months after his dad shot, and he had a boarding school, like, far from his family.
He lasted two years before being kicked out and went on to cycle through two more schools.
He was somewhat of a loner.
He just wanted to disappear.
He was a lost soul, is the best way I could describe it.
Skip Hine and Bobby were classmates at the elite Pomfret school.
There was one picture in my yearbook of him sitting in a field in front of the dorms with his back to the camera.
He avoided all the photographs.
I just never really saw him being in big groups.
I didn't see him, you know, a big jovial laugh.
He was just very subdued, but very polite, considerate.
But, you know, he was much more alone.
The tragedies that he experienced, and most of all the loss of his father, who he was very close to.
led to the need to escape and very quickly he was used.
him before he became a presidential candidate and after he became a presidential candidate mostly because it was already what they were doing and because he's his friend and because apparently Biden didn't offer him personal security protection and then after Donald Trump got elected he was still raising money via email to pay off this guy's security detail from when he ran for president which is kind of comical
I got like 50 emails from him over the course of six months trying to pay for his presidential campaign after he ended it.
Somehow or another, this all doesn't add up.
It's really weird.
Because this is supposedly one of his best friends.
See?
Friend.
It's one of his best friends.
I shook this guy's hand in Boston at the meet and greet after Bobby announced his candidacy.
And I said, Gavin, it's really great to meet you, thinking he had no idea who I was.
And he said, oh, I know who you are.
All my guys watch your show.
That's exactly what Gavin DeBecker said to me before I took my first selfie with Bobby Kennedy.
And at the time, I could have taken a picture with that woman from Larry David's show too, but I actually didn't ask her to come over.
And I didn't even know what that show was at that time.
I only watched it since then.
Since I learned that his wife was a famous actor, his second wife.
It's just remarkable!
using drugs.
Bobby does a lot of drugs and he acts out and he goes to a lot of different schools.
And I think he's a bad boy.
To me, it's sort of a classic, very tragic portrait of a struggling adolescent.
I do know from at least somebody told me on the inside of CHD that actually Gavin DeBecker's firm is also the firm that screens everybody before they're hired by CHD.
That's just something interesting to write down in the background.
He's a young man whose father just was assassinated.
This is an inescapable trauma.
He was never grounded, really.
And I think that the ready availability of drugs and the times he was in, it's the early 1970s.
More important to remember is that the bear carcass story was more recently retold
to a very special Roseanne bar, which is kind of cool, right?
And he's kind of conspire to create an environment that's not going to help ground him.
Once again, members of the Kennedy family are in the news, and the occasion is not a happy one.
At 16, his arrest for drug possession became national news.
Warrants have been issued for the arrest of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the 16-year-old son of the late senator, on marijuana charges.
Because of the Kennedy name, they will also face a national spotlight.
His mother was really upset.
She was really angry and told Bobby he was, you know, ruining the family name.
But Ethel and the family hoped Bobby would redeem himself on the well-worn Kennedy path, Harvard.
That's part of the Kennedy family legacy.
He was a screwed-up teenager who got thrown out of two boarding schools and still ended up at Harvard because he has the Kennedy name and pedigree.
Harvard was a space in which there were no consequences for bad behavior.
Clearly growing up in a powerful wealthy family is an advantage.
No question.
Joseph P. Kennedy, my uncle, a good thing that is pointed out in the chat who gave him the drugs.
Was he just, you know, very clever?
He just went off the school campus and found the drugs.
You know, it was just really easy for him to get them.
He had the cash.
You know what I mean?
And I think that's an excellent question.
The same people who gave him the drugs are probably the same people who killed his father and his uncle.
You see?
That's the thing I'm trying to say.
is that if there really is a conspiracy theory, if there really is a conspiracy theory that's going to explain things, it's got to explain more than one single event.
It can't be a separate conspiracy theory for the plane that hit the towers and a separate conspiracy theory for the plane that never hit the Pentagon.
And then a separate conspiracy theory for the space lasers that shot the buildings down.
It can't work like that.
That's stupid.
Especially when there are very simple explanations like the same people that got rid of JFK and RFK also got rid of Estes Kefauver.
and then looked to try and use one or more of their children to make sure that they could control the legacy of that family until it was extinguished.
Now, now we're talking like big kids.
You see, now we're talking like kids that are actually around a campfire where we're not afraid to say what we think.
Joe's name is on the wall of the Harvard church.
Obviously John F. Kennedy went to Harvard.
RFK went to Harvard.
He was Robert F. Kennedy Jr., tall and handsome and charismatic.
Wow, he looks a lot like Mark Kulak did when he was younger, actually, believe it or not.
Sorry, Mark.
A Kennedy.
At least that hair!
That hair!
Mark had flowing locks when he was younger, and that's at least what I saw there, flowing locks.
Type.
at that moment, which is this sort of preppy hippie.
He had long hair and, you know, smoked pot a lot.
He could probably, couldn't hardly say it.
I've heard that all the young, cool, glamorous, preppy kids were using cocaine.
And it's great.
And what do you know?
Bobby Kennedy Jr.
is a dealer of cocaine.
And it was exciting.
I was buying cocaine.
And I'm buying it from Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I wondered, like, does he need to do this?
Is he not getting a big enough allowance?
Or is this way to support his own health?
I didn't know.
But I took it as an act of kind of performative outlawry.
He's a cool cat outlaw guy who can do this.
Was that Ted Danson?
Or was that the guy from Back to the Future?
Who was that dude?
He wasn't just using cocaine.
It was speedballs.
Cocaine mixed with- I'm sorry, but what comes to mind right now is Rick James on the Dave Chappelle program saying, Cocaine's a hell of a drug!
It's a hell of a drug!
I mean, we're talking about shooting speedballs and very hardcore drugs that are not social in any way.
They are drugs that leave you kind of, you know, knotted out and alone in a room.
It was... What does that guy know about... He lists speedballs and probably his only other thing that he could say is that he thinks James Belushi died of a speedball.
self-destructive and grim.
Coke and heroin were my drugs of choice over the next 14 years.
People had an idea.
He used cocaine and heroin for 14 years.
That, now that is hardcore.
14 years.
of cocaine and heroin, you... you... you are gonna feel that.
Damn.
Damn!
Something was wrong.
I had no clue about how badly off I was.
He just wanted to be removed from the life.
He just wanted to get away from his life.
There's an absolute direct relationship between the tragedies and his...
his addiction.
Blake Fleetwood has been friends with Bobby Kennedy since his Harvard days.
His addictions were very serious and they were very concerning.
Uh, he could have.
Wow.
Wouldn't it be interesting as if they were actually weren't as bad as all these people are saying, but that's gotta be part of the story.
And so they're all scripted to say it.
but actually he's not as messed up from the cocaine and the heroin as he is messed up from like the LSD or whatever other shit they were giving him.
My goodness, this music score is going full out for sure, my man.
He could have died many times.
He's oblivious to danger out there.
He was almost killed by a bear in a bicycle.
Swimming across a river filled with piranhas and stuff like that.
Why did he say that?
It was a very desperate, desperate time for him.
I think there was a point in his life where he didn't really care that much, you know, whether he lived or died.
But even as he struggled, he increasingly tried to project the image of a Kennedy.
Bobby was good at compartmentalizing.
He was very high functioning, even as he took drugs, he could go on and do what he was gonna do.
Are you telling me that if you have enough money and you can afford cocaine and heroin, that you can be a functional cocaine and heroin addict?
Oh my gosh, why don't they just say that then?
Why don't they just say that because actually what they're doing is telling you without telling you because there's lots of people that are capable of being functioning heroin and cocaine addicts as long as they have enough money and they can get the heroin and the cocaine.
It's not a joke.
It's real.
For 14 years, he probably used cocaine and heroin and was fine with it and it didn't ruin him because he could always get it.
He didn't run out of money.
He didn't ever go to jail.
How is it possible that he was 14 and there was an arrest warrant for him for marijuana, but he was at Harvard selling Coke and doing heroin for 14?
Not many people knew he was a drug addict.
And there's this private dark side to him.
And then there's this public side, which he's able to act out very credibly.
That's it right there in the chat those guys know it's all about having a clean source of cocaine and a clean source of heroin and have it not be mixed with anything else not have it be contaminated or dirty and so if you can get pharmaceutical grade shit yes you can cope for a very long time and you probably cope very well have a lot of high-functioning moments you know the movie what was that movie about limitless
It's probably really, really just kind of about like Adderall and cocaine and heroin in quantities, you know, daily.
It's really.
Kay, Bobby's senior thesis even became a book, which he promoted on television.
Our first guest, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., son of- It became a book that he was allowed to promote on television.
Why do they say it like this?
And that's the key here.
PBS NewsHour pretends again, like, you know, just because he's a Kennedy and they've got all these connections, he's able to get on TV and sell his book and pretend that he's got everything together when really he doesn't.
He's setting himself up.
He's a big liar.
How is that possible?
It's not.
He was able to sell his book and put his book out there because this is all part of an elaborate use of the Kennedy children.
It is an opportunity that presented itself at the trauma of his dad's death.
They probably tried it with more than one of the kids.
This is the one they got.
It's unbelievable.
The late Senator Kennedy from New York.
This is his book, Judge Frank M. Trump.
There's a consistency in his life story in that whatever messes are happening internally or in his personal life, nothing scuffs the notion that he is this golden boy, inheritor of a golden legacy.
I just want to go back for a second.
How was the volume down?
Yes, thank you.
Some kind of snack would be great too, but I don't know what there is.
It's fine.
It's good.
Don't worry about it.
Our first guest, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., son of the late Senator Kennedy.
Now look, he's sitting there right now with a funny face on, and in fact, they don't play this clip for you.
They just show you that it occurred.
Watch him stare down at this guy.
It's almost like he's not very comfortable with being on television selling his book.
Look at this.
There's a consistency in his life story in that whatever messes are happening internally or in his personal life.
Why are we listening to all these chicks about him?
Like, it's weird.
It's really weird.
Nothing scuffs.
the notion that he is this golden boy, inheritor of a golden legacy.
He definitely was ambitious.
He wanted to be involved in politics.
I think he felt that he might want to be president someday.
I'll probably do some form of public service.
I think everybody in my family really feels that a lot of my father's goals and ideals are worth pursuing.
And so how hard would it be for them to have put people around him since he was 14 to put those ideas in his head and at the same time put the cocaine and heroin in his pocket?
Come on, ladies and gentlemen, you got to see it.
America has been under attack for a long time.
You want to believe that America has been under attack since JFK and RFK, but you don't really want to think about the implications of Estes Kefauver and, and Les Weinstein.
You don't want to think of the implications of the fact that maybe this kid has been set up for a very long time in a sort of pseudo Truman show over 50 years of a Truman show that involved a lot of drugs and a lot of sex.
and a lot of lies, and a lot of manipulation for him to believe wholeheartedly that this is what he's supposed to do with his life.
Maybe even that Donald Trump is the answers to his prayers.
Where'd you get those shoes?
Those are Alabama shoes.
Man, that's some kind of boot, I'll tell you.
Okay, we're gonna take a break.
Just a second, don't go away.
Where'd you get those shoes?
He's trying to live a very conventional Kennedy life.
He had been dutifully going to Harvard, going to UVA Law School.
He's given a position in the Manhattan DA's office without having passed the bar.
He gets married.
I mean, he's doing a lot of really conventional things, a lot of things that are following in the Kennedy way of doing things.
He married this woman, Emily Black, who looked like Jackie Kennedy.
People who were close to the family said, oh, he really is going to become politically engaged.
He's marrying somebody who looks like she's meant to be the first lady of the United States.
He's able, clearly, to do that while he's on heroin.
To live in more than one reality at the same time.
The compartmentalization that allows him to survive through that period when he's a heroin addict has very positive effects for him, in a sense.
However, it does have long-term consequences.
People who learn to compartmentalize can also be very, very good at lying.
They can get very good at convincing themselves in one half of their brain that what they're saying actually is true, even though they know it's not.
Years later in recovery, he wrote about it in his journal.
So this guy who is some kind of master of books for the New York times or something, the Irish accent guy is now telling us about the
psychiatric condition of this kid.
And I guess he's basing it on this one passage that our narrator is going to read.
I think that there is some sense of the seams ripping a bit.
Bobby fails the bar.
He's got a big lawyer job in Manhattan that's supposed to be kind of high profile, and he's not doing well at it.
He's sort of succumbing to his drug addiction.
Then, one night, it all caught up with him.
There was a new and dramatic development today in the story of young Robert Kennedy Jr.
Kennedy's luggage was searched in South Dakota for what were called controlled substances.
He was on a plane to South Dakota.
He had shot heroin, and he was overdosing, and he went into the bathroom and passed out there.
Robert Kennedy Jr.
has been charged with possessing heroin.
A small amount of heroin was found in his flight bag.
And this is how it all became public.
The 29-year-old son of the late senator today was charged with heroin possession, a felony that could land him in jail for two years.
Suddenly, a decade of heroin abuse and heroin addiction is a public event.
His fall from grace is very public.
There's a taint of shame, of failure.
But it's not just his own personal shame, his own hitting rock bottom.
It's this whole great saga, multi-generational saga of the Kennedys coming potentially to this point of self-abasement.
The devastation wouldn't stop there.
The family whose tragedies our country has followed and indeed felt has been struck once again.
David Kennedy, found dead in a Palm Beach, Florida, hotel room.
David Kennedy, who was Bobby's younger brother, he died of an overdose in Florida shortly after Kennedy had his arrested.
So were they going after more than one kid?
Are you starting to see the point now?
The reason why it doesn't matter if you stopped the hijackers when there were explosives already in the buildings.
It doesn't matter if you figure out who shot John F. Kennedy if you don't think about Estes Kefauver.
It doesn't matter if you figured out who shot Robert F. Kennedy if you don't figure out what the frick they would do with their kids.
If they were willing and able to kill the President of the United States
And then a year later, his brother.
Come on.
In South Dakota.
The death of a close sibling, a sibling friend, I think it must have been absolutely devastating to Bobby.
They were really close.
You know, they were close in age.
They were playmates when they were really little.
David was at Harvard with Bobby.
David developed a drug addiction.
Where Bobby was kind of charismatic and cool, David was really desperate.
He used drugs with Bobby in college.
I've heard from family friends that it was Bobby who encouraged David's drug use.
In the eyes of the family, the family and classmates both felt that Bobby was a bad influence on David.
Hardcore.
I think if you talk to a lot of people who've struggled with addiction, they'll talk about the fact that they needed to hit rock bottom and realize that they have to radically change their life or they're going to die.
Bobby had passed the bar, and in the years after the drug conviction, he'd gotten clean and become an environmental lawyer.
Not only did he get clean at a rehab facility on the East Coast, but part of the plea deal was that he had to do community service.
And by chance, he ended up working on a project in the Hudson Valley.
Nature to me was always something that was important.
It was always a place that I went to fill some emptiness inside of me.
He had an amazingly precipitous fall from grace.
And this period of his life when he's an environmentalist is sort of, I think, a personal redemption, a professional redemption for him.
You know, he's seen as a good guy again.
This pipe has had a history of violating the law.
This has been going on for a long time.
It is pure raw sewage.
He's getting a taste of what it means to be respected as a Kennedy.
Because suddenly, that kind of destiny as a Kennedy to do something great, to pull the sword from the stone, to be heroic, it's like a package handed to him.
He takes on the mantle of the environmentalist, and he's good at it.
And if somebody dumps something into the river that goes into, that's poison, and it goes into a drinking water intake, and children drink that drinking water, that is child abuse.
When I was editor of New York Magazine in the mid-'90s, you know, I put him on the cover with some headline like, this is the Kennedy that really matters.
You know, OK, he's pulled his life together, and he's, oh, he's an environmental lawyer, good, oh, saving the Hudson River, I like that, great.
He seemed like he's doing good work.
He made other changes to his life, too.
He divorced Emily Black, remarried, and started a new family with Mary Richardson.
Mary Richardson had been a friend of the family since she was in high school.
She went to high school with Bobby's sister, Carrie, and she had always inhaled deeply of the Kennedy mythology.
She believed in the Kennedys.
She wanted to be around them.
She worshipped them.
Mary was also from a big Irish Catholic family.
A lot of people described her similarly to Ethel Kennedy, how Ethel Kennedy was described as more Kennedy than the Kennedys.
Mary also really embraced the idea of being a friend of the Kennedys and eventually really loved the idea of being Bobby Kennedy's wife.
They had four children.
It's a weirdly weird way to say it.
He loved the, she loved the idea of being Bobby Kennedy's wife.
Like people just don't fall in love and stuff.
It's so lame.
and an estate in Westchester County, New York.
He was on the gala circuit.
In a lot of ways, he kind of had a life that was really admirable and one to be envied.
It was really great.
I was really happy for him that he had found something that was of deep interest and he seemed to excel at.
We always felt that he was a very promising, talented person.
Bobby Kennedy.
I mean, his name was everything.
I mean, if he were Randy Johnson, that person would not be famous.
They just wouldn't.
They would not get attention.
— He strikes me as undeniably addicted to attention.
— Rebecca Traister is a journalist and author who has written extensively about politics, gender, and power.
She profiled Bobby Kennedy from New York magazine.
It's very clear to me when I met him even.
You know, we have lunch and he carries himself with the air of somebody who expects people to be looking at him and paying attention to him.
And he strikes me as the kind of person who has an unhealthy sense of his own importance.
That you can do drugs and get caught doing drugs, yet never have to face any of the consequences that somebody without your privilege has to face.
and still have people want to be around you, to cover you, to publish you.
Bon Jovi!
Interesting, because at the start of the pandemic, I got mixed up with a music producer who was one of the members of Drastic, who was going by the name of Kevin McH.
And that guy was actually Jack Ponte.
And you can look Jack Ponte up on Wikipedia.
He started a high school band with John Bon Jovi and supposedly was a day trader that took me into his day trading group for a little while at the end of 2020.
Uh, to kind of help me out.
Um, and in that day trading group was Uri Dagan, another member of, of drastic, and he wouldn't come on my live stream for some reason that at the time I didn't understand.
John Bon Jovi.
That's fantastic.
to ensure that you're still a public figure.
Oh, and there's that picture, which is of course wonderful because that would be the direct connection to Seinfeld, to Steve Bannon, and to his third wife.
I think it must give you a sense of omnipotence that is very distorting.
That period of the late 90s, on the surface, it's a period of great, you know, contentment and professionally and personally for Bobby Kennedy.
He has a nice home in the Hudson Valley, a beautiful wife, a nice job.
But there's also a darkness to that period that kind of exists in the private realm with Kennedy.
And so they've actually lured you in to have sympathy for this kid whose dad died by showing you video purportedly immediately when he heard that his dad died.
Showing you video of him standing live over the coffin.
And now they're trying to show you why it makes perfect sense that he would be a psychopath.
Bobby Kennedy's desires found a new form.
He was in a recovery from his drug addiction, but by many accounts was a sex addict.
I'm not really sure that exists.
I'm sorry.
As a biologist and a man, I can only speak for myself.
I think sex addict is kind of a dumb concept.
You can like it, but it doesn't do
What addictive drugs do to you?
The changes aren't the same.
The circuitry isn't the same.
And if you don't have sex, you're never going to go into withdrawal.
I mean, that's the reality.
So it's a stupid thing for them to say.
It excuses him in a way because you should have sympathy for somebody who gets addicted to an opioid.
You should have very much sympathy for them because that's a medical condition that you can't just reverse by changing your mindset or putting, you know, focusing for a few weeks.
Biological changes have occurred in your brain.
Chemical changes have occurred in your brain that lead to imbalance in the absence of the drug.
That can't happen with sex.
And so it's just stupid.
It kind of excuses the behavior and it makes it seem as though we, again, it's it, this is so malevolent because it's by design.
He was the center of a trap.
that was a fake conservative populist movement in America that was part of the controlled demolition of America.
And we can still pull our heads out.
We can still organize with our children and plan a different future for America than the ones that these jackasses have planned for us right now.
I would say the arc of his life is trading one addiction for another.
Addiction.
I think that word has to be, you know, seen throughout this story, starting with the heroin addiction and the addiction to sex.
They're all of a piece.
It affected many people along the way, including a 23-year-old woman who worked in his law clinic and was the family's live-in babysitter.
I was facing away from the kitchen, reaching up, getting pasta or something off the shelf.
He came to the pantry, came up behind me, and I feel him and I feel his hands on the back of my hips.
The hands were doing the move up my skin and up the side of my body.
you know, up, up, up, up, up, up.
Eliza Cooney says it was just one of a number of similar incidents.
I think he was testing me.
I think he was trying to see if I was interested.
Maybe I was one of those people who wanted to throw myself at him, like all, you know, I don't know, throngs of adoring women.
I was not.
When Cooney went public in 2024, Kennedy said he didn't remember those moments, but apologized to her.
He has since denied he did anything wrong.
He is alleged to have harassed a babysitter.
You know, this is not just, oh, I met a woman at a party.
The entitlement that is almost surely a product of all of this, all of these endless resources and endless wells of forgiveness.
It couldn't possibly be that he is the victim of a deep state operation that started with the murder of his uncle and his dad.
It couldn't possibly be that, right?
We just think that after they killed JFK and RFK, then those bad guys went away.
Right?
And they just let the country go back to controlling itself.
But when those Kennedy boys were around, we had to get rid of them.
Breeds the sense that you can do anything and get away with it.
He came off to me as somebody who was in the bow of the boat.
and he could call directions and say, I wanna do this or go here.
He just got to be the bow of the boat.
He never had to worry about the wake behind him that he left.
She described it as he gets to kind of call the shots and totally disregards the mess that he's uniquely capable of making.
You know, there's no consequences.
but the rest of the world, who are his family and his household staff, all suffer the consequences.
Bobby was just having flagrant affairs in the area with people who were close to his wife.
Mary Richardson, it's been reported that she was aware of his infidelities.
and they drove her mad.
They drove her, they made her insane with jealousy.
People would say that he was maybe a bit of a gaslighter in their relationship, denying what was to her very obvious.
Mary certainly developed her own addiction problem, but was also really distraught by, I think, the posture that Bobby had taken about his cheating.
She felt gaslit by many accounts.
You can imagine this isn't great for her self-esteem and isn't great for her mental state.
She may have had... The one thing these people can't imagine is that the deep state or the national security state would be doing this to them.
would be using the Kennedy family.
They imagine that they think that JFK and RFK were killed, but I guess by either rogue actors or lone shooters or, I don't know, animal rights activists or Cuba freedom people, I don't know.
But I believe that we live in an America where a lot of people think that there is some big machinery, something
Controlling and why is that light up?
Oh Something controlling the world But most of the time it doesn't do anything or the world is controlled by I guess people that got to fly to Epstein Island or the world is controlled by the Jews and when the people get out of line they get shot and
But nobody ever gives drugs to kids.
Nobody ever tries to create personalities in people that they can manipulate and control.
There's nobody like that.
We don't put people on podcasts and give them scripts to read.
We wouldn't do anything like that.
It's really just people with bad ideas, you know, grifting for 10 years as an anti-vax lawyer and getting away with it because they're so clever or so handsome.
depression and challenges that predated her marriage to Kennedy, but they certainly weren't helped by being married to him.
They eventually separated, and he filed for divorce.
What kind of music is this?
another tragedy to strike the Kennedy family.
Mary Kennedy, the mother of four children of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., has been found dead.
Police in Bedford, New York, confirmed they found a body on Kennedy's property Wednesday afternoon.
Mary Kennedy's body was found hanging in the barn in the back of the house.
She hangs herself.
This is the mother of four of his children.
It's an incredibly
tragic moment privately.
It's an incredibly dumb story because it's hard for me to imagine that no matter what I did, no matter what I did, no matter what I did, listen to me very carefully, no matter what I did, no matter how many women I slept with and how many times I lied about it, my wife would not kill herself and leave our three kids alone with me.
Are you freaking nuts?
That doesn't even make any sense.
It doesn't make any sense.
And yet these ladies are telling us this story like it makes sense.
Just like, you know, it makes sense that I totally understand why he thinks the way he thinks.
I totally understand why he's got this big ego.
I totally understand everything.
And I totally understand why a mom of four kids in an incredibly rich family would kill herself.
That's so stupid.
This is an extremely dark moment for Bobby and very disturbing for his family and friends.
The Richardson family is so angry and horrified by this event, and they blame Bobby.
Her death, I think, marks this moment where he stops being a... Ian, what should we do besides try to get the word out in America that we are the victims of an elaborate theater?
At this stage right now, America still believes that there are good guys and bad guys that are fighting with each other, and some of them are on one side, and some of them are on the other, and some of them understand, and some of them don't, some of them might get convinced later, some of them might never wake up, and all of them that need to be are controlled by people that used to go to Epstein Island.
So what should we do right now, Ian?
If we all agree that this guy is a stooge, we all agree that it's been an elaborate hoax for decades now, and we all agree that we're being converted from sovereign individuals to experimental animals for the Human Genome Project goals, because there's only going to be this amount of human diversity available for scientific investigation for another two generations or so, and then the population of the world will have decreased by a factor of 10,
and they will have lost this opportunity for many millennia to come.
What should we do to avoid this problem?
We can't really avoid the problem.
The only thing we can do is really teach our children where we are with regard to the population pyramid, where we are with regard to the transition to this new world order that these people are doing, and not do it!
Our biggest solution to this problem, Ian, is to get off of social media.
Watch my videos on my own app.
Watch my videos on my website.
Watch other people's videos on their website and get off of social media.
All of it, all of corporate social media is just military programs and you using them is how they're going to rule us and how they will rule our children.
So we need to leave social media and our children need to leave with social media.
And then this jackass wouldn't be anybody.
The only reason why he's anybody is because social media was used in a military fashion from 2020 to put him in front of as many people as possible.
Kennedy watchers say the Richardson family feels Robert Kennedy didn't do enough to help Mary.
And photos like this of Robert and actress Cheryl Hines, the two reportedly dating, didn't help.
Just days after the shocking death of Mary Richardson Kennedy, both sides of that family are now embroiled in a feud.
It was her death and the public response to it, and her family's response to it, and then the publication of the quote-unquote sex diary shortly after marked a change in his public persona or the perception of who Bobby Kennedy is.
A diary allegedly obtained by the New York Post reveals that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
had dozens of affairs during his marriage.
A copy of the 398 pages reviewed by the Post record the names of women, with numbers from 1 to 10 next to each entry.
The codes corresponded to sexual acts, with 10 meaning intercourse.
It was a very personal account of some of his philandering, I guess you'd say, if you want to call it that.
His relationships with other women besides Mary.
There are 37 women named in the ledger, 16 of whom get tens.
On November 13, 2001, RFK Jr.
records a triple play.
The separate encounters, coded 10, 3, and 2, occur the same day he attended a black tie fundraiser at the Waldorf Astoria.
He writes about all the women who he'd slept with.
The way he writes about them is that they mugged him.
No, I think your chat is being curated because the only people that show up here are the real people that are left.
I used to have sometimes as many as a hundred people on a stream, but a lot of them were jackasses.
I think everybody that I can see here right now, I don't recognize ArsDivina06.
No offense, but I don't recognize that one.
I do recognize Ian to the fray though.
You've been here quite a few times.
I know who you are.
that they, he was helpless, he was passive.
This was something that was happening to him.
He has a tremendous victim complex and cannot seem to take responsibility for any of his own behaviors.
Decades later, Kennedy talked about the journal on a podcast, why he wrote it, and what he says Mary did with it.
the journal that you're talking about was called Your Fifth Step.
It was part of my recovery.
Newspapers reported that to make it look like it was keeping a kind of notches on the trigger.
That's not what it was.
It was my own way of trying to live an examined life and struggling with an issue that I was struggling with at that time.
And I kept that.
fifth step in a safe and somehow got in her, in the place that where she was.
She put a lot of effort into getting that safe open and then handing that to her sisters with instruction that if anything happened to her, it should be published in the press.
And then shortly after that, she took her own life.
I still don't think that really makes a lot of sense.
I don't think if anything happens to me, publish that.
And then I'm going to kill myself and leave my four kids with that monster man.
It just doesn't really make much sense to me.
And the more that there is a diary than the, in my mind, the more it would mean that you didn't have anything to begin with.
It would mean that, you know, you're, yes, you were wrong.
You hoped you had more with your husband than you did.
But like, I don't know.
I just, it doesn't add up for me at all.
It doesn't add up.
And the fact that all of these people are being put together and edited together to make me believe and make everybody believe that it does add up, it adds up very convincingly to a psychopath is pretty impressive.
Um, Hmm.
It's pretty impressive.
Hey, Ian to the fray, what are you going to do?
I'm just curious about that.
Like, uh, what are your plans?
What are you going to do?
I'm actually writing two books.
I'm writing a children's book and I'm writing a biology 101 textbook, which is a lot of work.
Um, and it's not something you can really do online right now.
It's certainly not something you would ever want to do on Substack.
I'm just wondering what you're doing.
It seems like you're kind of here trying to convince people that what we're doing is wasting our time.
But right now, what we're trying to do is figure out how we can establish an alternative to social media, which isn't out there right now.
There is no alternative to social media.
If you're on Twitch, then you're still on social media.
You're not on PeerTube, which means your data is still being collected.
Your IP address is still being used.
And the fact that you're watching me is being logged because they log everybody that watches this show.
It's one of the only shows that actually has some grasp of the truth.
And that's really the reality of it.
It's not very easy to take action when most of this apparatus has been aimed at our little club for the last five years.
We're the only club that matters.
Or the only club that it's been even remotely right for the last five years.
Every other club that you could have possibly stumbled on is fully on a script.
They tried, you see?
They tried to get me on a script to the point where they put me in this book.
Even though I taught everybody during the writing of the book that a gain-of-function virus is a stupid biological myth.
They really tried, Ian, you understand that, right?
So we're standing here right now with that guy as HHS secretary, me in his book, and even the PBS NewsHour doesn't seem to see that as a story.
Instead, they see a story as being trying to explain to you how this egomaniac is now endangering our public health system.
You know, like the national security script that's been using him for at least the last 15 years had always intended to use him as.
The one that this book admits that's the plan all along.
Because in this book and this epilogue, they actually tell it.
So what am I doing for an action right now?
I'm making a video that you can share with whoever you want to all around the earth that actually contains the literal truth of American history.
What are you doing, Ian?
Because a few of us are actually cataloging, archiving, and bringing to light real American history.
Kicking ass is what I'm doing, and taking names, that's what I'm doing.
Pretty soon after, Mary dies.
Bobby kind of packs up his East Coast life, where he's been for his whole life up until then, and he moves to California.
You don't have a solution, you can't type it in.
You're full of shit, Ian.
There are very simple solutions.
Teach the real biology to children, which I'm working on doing.
Teach the real biology to adults, which I'm working on doing.
If your solution is so amazing, type it into the chat and let us fix the world.
You see, I think my solutions for teaching biology are really simple.
I start every single stream with them, and not one biologist on earth will touch them.
So again, type it in the chat.
Scare us with your genius.
We'll keep watching.
He moves in to Sheryl Hines' world.
He'd begun dating his third wife, television star Sheryl Hines, toward the end of his marriage to Mary.
And it's sort of a fresh start for him.
He's distanced himself from all the tragedy and all the mess that he's made back east, and he hits the reset button.
But he arrives with this new path that he's on now, which is the anti-vax movement.
He was writing a book about vaccines and the dangers of mercury.
Ian still hasn't typed jack shit in the comments, again because he's not dealing with the reality here.
The reality is that this is the one place on the internet where the truth is available and either you can see it or you can't.
The message is for anyone, but it's not for everyone, Ian.
It might just be over your head.
It might just be too big of an idea for you to comprehend, or you might just be a jackass working for these people, trying desperately to disrupt what's definitely going to happen.
The Cooey family in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is going to bring Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the health freedom movement in America to its knees.
Because they are frauds.
Because Brian Hooker's a fraud.
Because Mary Holland's a fraud.
Because Meryl Nass is a fraud.
Because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a dipshit.
And because all of these people belong in jail.
Kevin McKernan is my favorite of them.
I can't wait until I finally see him in person.
I don't know where I'm gonna start.
An issue he'd started learning about years before.
He was traveling around the country doing speeches and interviews about mercury in fish.
Mercury, we now know, has saturated the bodies of one out of every six American women of childbearing years to such an extent that their children are at risk for permanent IQ loss and a grim inventory of other diseases, kidney and liver disease, autism, blindness.
And in the audience, there would be women waiting to talk to him who all wanted to talk about mercury in vaccines because they felt their children had been adversely affected.
We really needed somebody to be a spokesperson for us.
Our children had no voices.
I just thought that Mr. Kennedy would be a perfect person because he knew what mercury was about.
So Lynn Redwood is even going to come on here and tell us that, well, you know, I mean, I kind of tried to help him too.
Lynn Redwood was also autism, but now her mercury's coming from the water or something, you see.
It's not that all of these people have to be winning participants, but Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a scripted stooge.
A combination of substance abuse and, and physical abuse and mental abuse and, and lots of lying people around him has resulted in him being a national security asset.
He is an actor given a script that he trusts and has trusted for years.
I don't think this is the mastermind.
I don't think that the reason why he's so successful is because he's so charming or his blue eyes are so beautiful or his vocabulary is so wide.
He's able to get away with everything he's able to get away with because he has been a national security asset since they killed his dad.
That's the only thing to assume.
And so what are we arguing about here other than who does he play for?
And he's not playing for us.
That's the simple truth.
Just like Donald Trump doesn't play for us.
Donald Trump is a national security actor.
Just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Just like Jay Bhattacharya.
Just like Marty McCary.
America has been sabotaged.
A conservative populist movement in America was artificially created so that it could be sabotaged by the buffoonery and failure of Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
What do you think is going on in Israel right now?
Peace?
Prosperity?
New hotels being built and casinos in Gaza and jobs for everybody?
Son Will showed signs of autism after his first birthday.
She ran a group of moms and dads whose children also had autism and wanted to recruit Kennedy to their cause.
We didn't come across as being crazy tinfoil hat-wearing people.
And he believed us.
He listened to us when other people were gaslighting us.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is lending the famous family name to a new cause, the idea that something in vaccines triggered the autism and ADD epidemics.
It was a role that he took on full well knowing that it was going to be unpopular.
And he did not have a dog in this fight at all.
He did not have a child that was injured.
And that even meant so much more to us.
I was skeptical but sympathetic because, you know, these are people who've been through hell, literally.
After researching studies on both sides, Kennedy became a believer.
You know, there were still things that I hadn't quite figured out about him.
And when I read this passage of the book that he wrote, American Values, I was like, okay, this nails it.
So he says, from my youngest days, I always had the feeling that we were all involved in some great crusade, that the world was a battleground for good and evil, and that our lives would be consumed in that conflict.
It would be my good fortune if I could play an important or heroic role.
The next sentence says that it would be rooted in his Catholic faith, but that's okay.
They can blank that out, I guess.
So that's why he does this.
I mean, he really feels this obligation to be able to make this world a better place.
To spread the word, he used his celebrity connections.
Bobby knows the publisher of Rolling Stone, Jan Wenner, a sort of notorious celebrity-struck guy in publishing.
And Bobby writes a article for Rolling Stone called Deadly Immunity.
Kennedy made his case in a 4,700 word article in Rolling Stone and online at Salon.
A mercury-based preservative in the vaccines by Marisol appeared to be responsible for a dramatic increase in autism.
And so we're supposed to believe, we're supposed to believe that Steve Kirsch and Pierre Cory, the hero of the George Floyd trial and also the hero of supplementary oxygen in New York in 2020,
got on stage this year in New York City and argued that thimerosal was the cause of autism.
The same argument, of course, that he made in, this guy made in Rolling Stone, and the same that would be discredited by Paul Offit.
The same story.
Like, what, how is it possible that we've made no progress, that Pierre Khoury
got on stage and argued the same shit.
And was dunked on because of course thimerosal was removed from all the vaccines.
I mean, it is remarkable.
There's no progress on PBS NewsHour.
They're just repeating the same story that we've been told for the last 10 years.
Disorders among children.
When he starts on the vaccine stuff, you know, he's basically saying,
every American.
See this guy is the New York Review of Books.
So who the hell is this guy to be talking about the psychological state of a person after a trauma?
Who's he to be waxing intellectual about most of the things that they've been asking him about now?
It is freaking ridiculous.
That's how awful this military exercise is.
A child is being poisoned.
If this is true, it's the worst conspiracy that the world has ever seen.
To secretly poison every single child in America.
His tragedy, in a way, is that he's already... But he's not wrong there, right?
This is the argument that we've been making for some time.
If you actually believed for 25 years that the vaccine schedule in America was a criminal...
enterprise and all you did was what these people have done and all the progress in your messaging and in your ability to teach the reasoning behind your stance doesn't progress for 20 years that's because you're on a military national security script it's not because you're real if you're
bumbling between mercury in fish and mercury in vaccines and other stuff in vaccines and maybe it's aluminum and maybe it's not that kind of mercury and maybe it's the bad food and the processed food if that's the way you're fighting then you don't believe what you said you believed
Like, for example, if you thought that all the kids in America were being poisoned by vaccines and you equated it to, say, I don't know, Nazi death camps, then you should take some pretty harsh stance and take some pretty drastic action at some point in your life, right?
Be pre-prepared by his terrible experiences as a child for this idea that
Everything must be explicable by dark forces.
I believe that this is a moral crisis that must be addressed.
If, as the evidence suggests, our public health authorities knowingly allowed the pharmaceutical industry to poison an entire generation of American children, their actions arguably constitute one of the biggest scandals in the annals of American medicine.
He has to embody somehow this savior complex, you know, that he's someone who can save the world from all of these dark forces.
He is the only person who can really understand all these forces, who can really articulate what's going on, and who can engage in this apocalyptic struggle.
The reaction from the scientific community was immediate and forceful.
I called the editor-in-chief of Rolling Stone and said, here's a list of the misstatements of fact.
Why didn't they at least let him clean his glasses?
I mean, this is just sad.
Dr. Paul Offit is a world-renowned scientist, an inventor of a rotavirus vaccine, and someone who Kennedy accused of being part of a vaccine conspiracy.
You are not at greater risk of developing autism if you got that vaccine or if you didn't.
But Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
still doesn't believe it.
Here's what he does.
He either quotes studies that don't exist, or he misrepresents the studies that do.
He has this religious belief that vaccines are doing harm, period.
And it doesn't matter what you say to him scientifically to show that he's wrong, he will not believe you.
For almost six years, Kennedy did battle with the scientists over the article.
The science exonerating thimerosal is weak, it's flimsy, and it's phony.
It's fraudulent.
We have the guys who are supposed to be protecting Americans' health, who are actually conspiring.
OK, so again, what we're supposed to believe is because he's a Kennedy, he's able to get on the news and say stupid shit.
Because he's a Kennedy, he's able to raise millions of dollars and continue to say stupid shit.
And in fact, because he's a Kennedy and he can get away with it, he's able to run for president saying stupid shit.
And Paul Offit, no matter how stupid that stuff is, he can't do anything about it because, you know, I guess he's just that handsome or he's just that persuasive because no matter what you say, he believes it.
No.
No matter what you say, all the people behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
believe him.
So again, this is a very convenient bullshit story which seems to suggest that Paul Offit has been on a crusade to prove to the world that this guy is full of shit for 15 years and he has failed.
to the extent to which this guy has succeeded to getting all the way to HHS secretary.
And I guess it's because of a perfect storm of a stupid shit Donald Trump and a really handsome and persuasive Kennedy kid.
Right?
That's what we're supposed to believe.
It couldn't possibly be by design.
You know that he was able to have 16 years of cocaine and drugs?
That his mother of four killed herself?
that he's now married to an actress that's connected to Steve Bannon and Larry David, and that there's a book from Sky Horse Publishing that suggests that he would run as an independent candidate and then get taken as vice president.
And there are videos of these jackasses suggesting that to Donald Trump before the shooting.
Like Brett Weinstein.
Like Aaron Siri, like these other people.
You don't think that's the plan?
Mary Holland from Children's Health Defense actually left Children's Health Defense to be the general manager of his presidential campaign because, you know, Children's Health Defense is such an important organization and I'm so proud that I put my life into it that I've decided to ditch it for a year and go work for Robert F. Kennedy's campaign right until they hired Jonathan Couey and then I decided I had to come back and fire him.
Where is Laura Bono in this video?
Laura Bono is the one who sat outside of his house with papers about vaccines and and and begged him to to come to their not not Lynn Redwood
And the co-founder of CHD is supposed to be Laura Bono.
Where is she?
She was forced to retire by, by Mary Holland when I was there, as far as I understand.
Look, like it or not, America is under attack, but it's not under attack in the way that you imagine.
America is under attack by an elaborate hoax that involves Donald Trump, Steve Bannon, Aaron Siri.
and Matt Taibbi and the Weinstein brothers and their dad who's connected directly to Estes Kefauver and the FDA and thimerosal for the love of goodness.
You know that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad, Robert F. Kennedy, was involved in the formation of the FDA with Brett Weinstein and Eric Weinstein's dad, Les Weinstein, and with Estes Kefauver, who died in the Senate floor about three weeks before John F. Kennedy was shot.
Do we understand that real American history is here right now for the taking?
And now there's a movement.
And that's what Bobby Kennedy Jr.
wants.
He wants to be the head of a new kind of movement that makes him look heroic.
These mothers know what made their child sick.
Green the Vaccines was the campaign that was being run by Jim Carrey and
And, uh, why can't I come up with her name anyway?
You know who I'm talking about.
— Coming up to the plate and correcting an error, even if it is five years late.
— Then, Salon stunned Kennedy by taking the extraordinary step of retracting his entire story.
The scientists had won.
— We've grown to believe the best reader's service is to delete the piece entirely.
— That piece was discredited by the time it was pulled down.
Boy, I don't think I could spend 15 minutes in a room with this woman.
Whoa, yeesh.
It wasn't just a thing that happened to him.
It was because he made mistakes in his reporting.
Continued revelations of the flaws and even fraud tainting the science behind the connection make taking down the story the right thing to do.
if you have lived decades on this earth and enjoyed relatively unchallenged access to power and adulation.
She keeps on repeating how much she hates this rich boy.
It is really silly.
And then you experience what is fundamentally a consequence of his error.
It feels like, help, I'm being oppressed.
Because if all you've had is access and entitlement and power, then anything short of access and power feels like persecution and oppression.
It's weird, right?
It's really weird.
It's almost like she has no sympathy at all for him anymore.
It's a strange place because they are completely ignoring the fact that we don't have a good explanation for why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and John F. Kennedy Jr.
were shot.
We don't have a good explanation for that.
And so we're just supposed to say that this is a kid who's from a rich family whose parents were killed.
We're not supposed to talk about the fact that there are conspiracy theories and books that line shelves about why they were killed.
It's remarkable.
Kennedy, unapologetic, lashed out.
It's like Nazi death camps, but
It's like Nazi death camps, but I'm also concerned about getting the dyes out of Froot Loops.
I'm also concerned about, you know, the RNA for other things.
I'm also concerned this is just a scripted national security actor.
If you try to explain it by saying that he's a guy with feelings,
or he's a guy with sex addiction, or he's a guy who's complicated, or he's a guy who's got a lot of emotional value, you know, or whatever words you want to use to describe him, then you're not going to get it right.
Because he's just an actor, a national security actor who will say and adjust what his script is in his head as instructed.
It has nothing to do with the people that show up.
It has nothing to do with getting laid.
It has to do with doing what he has been told to do, showing up where he's told to show up.
And that all the people that are told to be there, meant to be there, brought to be there are there because it's a national security exercise.
And he has been a national security exercise for quite some time.
When you're faced with having made outrageous claims and having got enormous publicity for them because of who you are, and then, you know, it just becomes obvious.
If you believe the vaccine schedule is Nazi death camps, then you have to take more action than he's taken.
That's the reality of it.
It's that you're either lying or you're deluded, what you're claiming is just not true.
There's only two ways you can go.
One is you completely lose face and credibility and you just kind of retire into private life.
And the other way is to double down, which is what he does.
Bobby Kennedy would do that in L.A.
in 2014, with that book he'd been writing to push back against the salon retraction.
— By the time that I met him, he was really having trouble getting his voice— — Tony Lyons, the guy who published this book right here.
Skyhorse publishing president, this book right here, Don't Start the Revolution Without Me, the epilogue describes Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
running as an independent and getting taken as the vice presidential candidate of the Republican candidate, then the Republican candidate getting shot right after the election so that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can become president and save America.
That's in this fricking Skyhorse book from 2008.
How is this guy in a PBS NewsHour show?
Unless it's all one malevolent national security script.
Tony Lyons agreed to publish the book about thimerosal and vaccines.
He was soon swept into the controversy.
We tried to place ads for that book, and people just simply wouldn't take them.
Any book or any statement or any person who questioned any ingredient in any vaccine under any circumstances was a dangerous anti-vaxxer who was going to hurt children.
Kennedy may deeply believe the rubbish he's peddling, but science doesn't care about your sincerity.
It cares about the facts.
The real threat to kids isn't some imagined conspiracy, but Robert Kennedy's promotion of... So here is PBS NewsHour using AI-generated voices.
Why?
Well, because they're part of the show, because they want you to be conditioned to AI voices.
And so they're not going to employ real people to read things when
that when the gay space vampire Peter Thiel wants them to focus on Substack and focus on X and focus on AI being a kind of foregone conclusion.
So of course they use AI voices to read this shit.
That's the malevolence.
Dangerous pseudoscience.
He goes from being an absolute media darling to the worst person who ever existed.
If you're looking for proof that smarts can skip a generation, look no further than Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
It's sad to see Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
attach his great name to dangerous nonsense.
Unfortunately, there's no vaccine for irresponsible stupidity.
with one simple choice to write a book about mercury in childhood vaccines.
He was suddenly in the wilderness.
He was persona non grata.
He was excommunicated.
Gavin DeBecker runs one of the nation's leading protection and security firms, working with the U.S.
government, celebrities... So it sounds like that The Truman Show might be run by this jackass, because they're giving him lots of props, they're giving him like he's the cool guy, and he's giving us an insight into him.
It's pretty remarkable, isn't it?
You can start to feel bad for Bobby, almost.
and tech moguls.
He is a close friend and confidant of Bobby Kennedy.
He was living in LA, and I was over at his house.
We were having lunch, Cheryl and Bobby and I, and that was my birthday.
And I said, hey, do you guys want to come to a little birthday gathering I'm having tonight?
And so they came to this little dinner that I had, and I come to learn it was one of the only social events that they were able to go to together in Los Angeles.
he lost lifelong friendships over this topic.
Robert Kennedy epitomizes an attitude which is, if people are not listening to me all the time, I am being silenced.
And therefore, I am the one who is suffering.
Silence itself becomes a kind of martyrdom.
I'm suffering for having the courage to speak my mind.
It's like a series of events that are happening.
The separation from his wife, her suicide.
The retraction of his article involving vaccines.
This is a big moment.
Suddenly, everything that was grounding him has become untethered.
And he's at a fork in the road.
When he moves to L.A.
and he goes to the next phase of his life, there are no more guardrails for him.
And of course, in California at that time, Brandy Vaughn is starting to put up her vaccine billboards.
I'm sure they'll include reference to that.
He's totally independent.
He's in charge of himself.
He's gone rogue.
The obsession with vaccines soon merged into other conspiracies.
One of RFK's 11 children seems to be buying into those conspiracy theories of how his father died.
Now Robert Kennedy Jr.
is calling for a new investigation.
I think that once you start seeing the world through a conspiratorial lens towards things, I think you start to see conspiracies everywhere.
Robert Kennedy Jr.
said he believes... See, so that's kind of a statement that's supposed to make you think kind of like that dumb stuff that we were talking about before where, you know, there's a really elaborate conspiracy that shot John F. Kennedy and nobody could figure out who actually did it.
And then that same conspiracy killed his brother.
But we don't have to worry about it anymore because, you know, those people all went and back to their normal business again.
It's really quite ridiculous.
He wouldn't let these stories die.
They've been adjudicated.
They've been studied.
And he has continued to sort of suggest that his father's death, but also his uncle's death, were caused, at least in part, by the government.
Charles Cabal, who was the mayor of Dallas at the time my uncle was assassinated, was actually a CIA operative and had been a CIA operative since 1956.
For him to come out and try to reinvent the story of the death of John F. Kennedy and Bobby Kennedy as having to do with the CIA and building a whole new conspiracy, to the point that he went and interviewed Sirhan Sirhan, who killed his father.
It's hard to believe that Sirhan shot my dad.
I was never part of any conspiracy.
In 1989, the convicted assassin Sirhan Sirhan told Inside Edition that he took full responsibility for gunning down Senator Kennedy.
Bobby believed conspiracy theories about his father's death and sort of thought maybe Sirhan Sirhan is innocent, and that was a family split.
Bobby on one side saying, release this guy, there's a conspiracy theory, and his family saying, no, we want him to stay in prison.
why in the world anyone would take him seriously is just beyond comprehension.
I think Bobby is so obsessed and concerned with these conspiracy theories because he had an incomprehensible loss that he couldn't understand.
And the way to make sense out of that is to somehow redeem the situation by finding the truth and being the savior by finding the truth.
I think it's a troubling
They are surely insisting that he is a savior, right?
It's kind of scary.
They even referred to him as having the marks of the crucifixion, right?
That like, that's, that's intense.
This is some serious mind games.
Sad situation.
We begin with the growing worries and response to the deadly coronavirus.
The CDC all but promises that the coronavirus will spread here.
Across the country, some hospitals bracing for the worst.
The United States has the world's finest public health system.
I'll remind the American people one more time.
We are working hard to keep you safe, and your health and safety has been and will be our top priority.
I mean, we were overwhelmed by that virus.
All we could do was restrict travel, close businesses, shutter schools, isolate.
More than one fourth of Americans are now being ordered to stay home.
The transit system began ordering riders to wear face coverings.
One man saying he was pulled off a bus because he wasn't wearing one.
I'm asking this member to put on a mask because that is our company policy.
So either wear the mask.
And I'm not doing it because I woke up in a free country.
I think that was seen as massive government overreach by a significant percentage of this population.
Fresh anger rippling across the country in the face of widespread shutdowns.
Protesters calling the orders too extreme in a violation of their rights.
It was true, I think, in 2020 and 2021, that we were a little dictatorial.
I think we should have included the public in many of those decisions.
Open Arizona now.
They saw the government as dictating what to do, and they didn't like it.
Bobby Kennedy seized on the anger.
They've lied to us from day one.
To tell everybody in our country, you have to stay in your house.
Mark, maybe you missed it, but Robert F. Kennedy is a story about clean cocaine and very fine, pure, pharmaceutical-grade heroin.
He's not a story about fentanyl, carfentanil, or
or contaminated or laced drugs.
He's a story about the finest in pharmaceutical grade street drugs.
So, you know, you gotta, you want to keep everything straight.
That's a completely different thing where, you know, a million Americans or so were killed in the last eight years or so.
That's, that's completely different.
But yes, it is absolutely essential that they don't talk about that because otherwise there would be nobody left for COVID.
In one live stream after another, he was returning to the spotlight.
My father told me this when I was a really young child.
The opioid pandemic is a great justification for bombing boats with remote cameras, indeed.
It's a power lie.
And the only way democracy functions is if everybody is constantly questioning them.
Bobby used social media in a powerful way.
Stop lying!
Social media used Bobby in a very powerful way.
Social media is used to use Del Bigtree in a very powerful way.
Del Bigtree actually just kind of works on social media.
Social media is the military social control program that put RFK where he is, established who he is, and got as many people to follow him as possible.
I am winning.
Yes, I am winning.
Media gave everyone that was really questioning what was happening a voice.
Oh, social media gave everybody a voice.
No.
No, social media gave everybody an answer.
Social media gave everybody the hero that they needed.
If they needed the hero to be Tony Fauci, they gave him Tony Fauci.
But if they needed an alternative hero, maybe they found Robert F. Kennedy Jr., or Del Bigtree, or Robert Malone, or that, I don't know, that crazy lady from Africa that was
was part of the American Frontline Doctors, or Simone Gold, or whoever, or they found Pierre Kory, or they found Peter McCullough, or maybe they found Jessica Rose, God forbid.
That's what social media did.
Social media did not give anyone a voice.
It tricked people into believing they had a voice.
That's for sure.
Del Bigtree is a podcaster, a vaccine critic.
He's a first and foremost, he is a podcaster.
You're damn right he is.
Close friend of Kennedy.
Only Bobby Kennedy and people like him were asking that question.
All of mainstream media was just, whatever the government says, we're going to support that.
During the lockdowns, more and more people saw that things didn't make sense.
And they just thought maybe we're being lied to.
What's the reality on masks?
Well, right now, Chris, let me just say, there's no reason for people in the United States now to be walking around with masks.
There just isn't.
But some sort of mask-like facial covering, I think for the time being, should be a very regular part of how we prevent the spread of infection.
I think uncertainty is a really powerful force in politicizing people in unexpected ways.
Yeah, throw it off!
Throw it off, baby!
Out of that discomfort comes this
Uncertainty is a way of politicizing people in very unexpected ways.
But we've done a lot of military exercises to try and understand how uncertainty can mobilize people in very predictable ways.
The military understands exactly how to create chaos and mobilize people in very specific ways.
So either she's a super dipshit or she's reading a script.
Passion for, wait a minute, wait a minute.
This can't be normal.
There's something else going on.
And I think that breeds conspiracy thinking.
There's got to be another explanation.
I guess for her, there's never another explanation.
It's always just what she knows.
It's a joke, really.
It's really a joke.
And the problem is, is that there are lots of shithead adults right now in America and around the world because of social media.
Social media is likely responsible for the reason why that woman is so unlikable.
She doesn't even understand how unlikable she is because she is a skillful social media user.
And here's this guy over here who's like, I have the answer.
This disease is about engineering compliance.
And who's that?
That's Sherry Tenpenny.
She's been working on vaccines for more than 25 years, roughly 17 hours a day.
And about three years in to her 25 years of work, she actually heard the voice of God tell her to keep doing it.
That's why she does it.
And Judy Mikovits is a hero because she worked in Nevada, and she spoke out about some kind of contamination in the vaccines to do with mouse viruses, and also worked on AIDS, but not really, kind of, sorta.
And that's Andrew Wakefield up there, who is of course the guy who advocated for separating the measles, mumps, rubella shot into three separate shots in the early 2000s with Polly Tommy in the UK and then came to the United States and bought lots of property in Austin with Polly Tommy having, they're each having a ranch down there in Austin, Texas and started the whole game again and are actually behind Del Big Tree
and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Mary Holland, and Brian Hooker, they're all part of the same team.
And here they are at the beginning of the pandemic, and Bobby Kennedy is just playing along with them because one way or another, it's all one malevolent show.
And I think it's very possible that Judy Mikovits knows more than he does.
It's possible that Andrew Wakefield knows more than he does.
It's possible that Del Bigtree knows more than he does.
But he is definitely being played.
I really think you have to see it for what it is.
I think it's very possible that it would be better described as an English-based controlled demolition of America.
And in that case, you're kind of looking at a crown royal American saboteurs
that probably can be traced with family connections all the way back to the Confederacy or to, you know, whatever part of America during that time was, you know, being supported by the British.
Something like that.
I mean, I don't know what's going on, but I definitely know that it's not the Jews.
I know for sure that it's not just the people that went to Epstein Island and had pictures taken with them.
I know it can't be just that.
He begins to bring people together under this idea that the government response has been a pretext for a clampdown, a sort of totalitarian clampdown on free speech and a way to strip people of their civil liberties.
They are going to rob us not only of our democracy and our liberties, but they're going to rob us of our souls.
Bobby's the one that I'm relating to the most.
That is what changed the conversation for Bobby.
Bobby Kennedy is saying it's wrong to be shutting down my church.
I thought he was crazy, but I agree with him there.
What else is he saying?
Oh, he's saying that the masks
Don't really do anything.
It's weird.
It's almost like he's pretending he didn't know Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for like already five years beforehand and know exactly what Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is thinking.
Otherwise, why in the hell would he choose him to head his campaign?
They didn't work on Vax together.
They didn't work on Vax two together.
Like it's weird, right?
Don't forget Aaron Seery worked for Goldman Sachs, the vampire squid that Matt Taibbi used to fight against until he stopped fighting against it.
The same vampire squid that Steve Bannon works for.
Goldman Sachs, you know, the bank that bankrupted Greece.
Goldman Sachs, you know, the bank that nobody talks about anymore.
Instead we talk about BlackRock all the time.
What's a bandana gonna do?
How's that stopping a virus?
Yeah, that doesn't make any sense either.
Bobby Kennedy is making sense.
What else was he saying?
A bandana doesn't stop the virus, but Brett Weinstein used a bandana and woodshop glasses to stop the virus for like nine and a half months.
And you've been on stage with him several times, including in front of the Senate.
You were sitting right next to him.
Did you call his shit out?
Dell, you're such a clown.
I love pandemics because it gives them power, it gives them control, and it gives them the capacity to impose obedience on human beings.
It's easy for people to say that their freedom is being restricted.
On the other hand, more lives would have been lost had some of those policies not been in place.
Dr. Fiona Havers is an infectious disease expert who worked on the CDC's COVID response.
At the time, the number of people becoming very seriously ill and dying from COVID was really very high.
I saw the real human costs of it.
I mean, we had families that were being brought into the ICU to say goodbye to their loved ones.
The U.S.
now leading the world in deaths.
More than 2,000 lives lost in the last 24 hours.
America's deadliest day yet.
COVID-19 has brought this country to its knees and their future is uncertain.
So no mention of supplementary oxygen.
No mention of ventilators being used to stop spread.
No mention of the thousands and thousands of Americans killed by opioids.
No mention of a population pyramid, which predicted a rise in all cause mortality that might be sustained for about 10 years and threatening to bankrupt many Western civilization countries.
It's, it's, it's remarkable because after six years I expect nothing less.
At the time, the Trump administration was embarking on an unprecedented effort to produce a vaccine.
— It's called Operation Warp Speed.
That means big, and it means fast.
A massive scientific, industrial, and logistical endeavor, unlike anything our country has seen since the Manhattan Project.
You know the Manhattan Project is where all those people that built the atomic bomb then they moved on to working on bacteria and phages because they were going to solve the problem of heredity and evolution and unlock the last remaining rules of the universe and then they kind of failed.
And everybody stopped working on bacteria except to use it to make like lots of copies of DNA.
And then everybody just started working on animal cells and animal viruses and everybody just forgot about bacteria and phages.
That's the actual reality of biology.
And so for him to be scripted to cite the Manhattan Project is ironic in a battleship-sized way.
because it is from the Manhattan Project that a lot of these assumptions about where we were going to be by 1970 or 1980 or 1990 were based.
that once these physicists that just had cracked the atom turned their attention to the newly found chemical material for DNA, or chemical material for heredity called DNA, we would have the keys to the universe.
And that didn't happen.
That actually didn't happen.
Just like the Human Genome Project wasn't the end of something, it was proof of principle.
And ever since, they have been doing iterations to try and get the specificity and the reliability and the reproducibility higher of actually obtaining a full human genome.
Storing it in a useful format that is accessible by a machine learning algorithm.
And now, imagine trying to do it for the entire population of a university, because they tried to do that during the pandemic as well.
Now imagine it trying to do it for an entire state.
These iterations are all being done right now with the idea of eventually having the enough computing power so that they could crack some meaningful progress in understanding human heredity and human biology, but they haven't made that progress yet.
Because they have quantified the problem as needing data,
The data in the form of as much medical data as we can get from one individual and as precise a measurement of their genetic data as we can get.
A precise as measurement as we can get of the composition of their microbiome.
As precise a measurement as we can get of the DNA of their mitochondria.
And so we're a long ways from being able to do that, my friends.
But you know, a cell phone in every pocket is just one step forward in a long, long march to experimental animal status for our grandkids.
This guy, Jeremy Marks, gladly participating.
Where's my pen?
Oh, it's in my hand.
Accelerate the process of making a vaccine from two years down to one year.
Dr. Peter Marks was one of the creators of Operation Warp Speed.
CDC estimated that during an extra year, while we were waiting for a vaccine, we'd lose probably about 3 million lives.
We're all witnessing a potential turning point in the coronavirus pandemic.
It took less than a year.
The FDA authorizing Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine, clearing... It is Biontech's vaccine, for cripes' sake.
Pfizer just puts their name on it.
Look how deep that intramuscular injection goes.
Look how deep.
I think it was the greatest scientific or medical achievement in my lifetime.
And my lifetime includes the development of a polio vaccine.
As Operation Warp Speed kicks into high gear, the latest projection is 40 million doses delivered.
For millions of doses to be... The United States has launched the biggest vaccine drive in its history.
I think it was the greatest scientific or medical achievement in my lifetime.
And my lifetime includes the development of a polio vaccine.
Paul Offit is scripted to say that.
He might not even want to say it, but he's saying it.
because the script calls for it.
The national security script calls for Paul Offit, who thanks to the scholarship of a Housatonic in Boston, Mark Kulak, we have an article of Paul Offit saying that in an ideal situation, all of the vaccine schedule would be oral.
Well, I wonder why you would say that.
Warp speed kicks into high gear.
The latest projection is 40 million doses delivered by the end of the month.
I thought that this would really hurt the anti-vaccine movement.
To hear they would see this, how vaccines could save our lives.
And that vaccine did save our lives.
That vaccine probably saved 3 million lives.
We can end this.
We have the capability and the resources to end it.
We've just got to get people to step up and get vaccinated.
This was Bobby Kennedy's moment.
How in the heck can we be mandating to children that they take a medical product for which we do not know the risks?
And to me, that is criminal.
He sees this great opportunity to question the vaccine, which everybody else sees as like the great hope for getting out of this horrible thing.
See, so again,
Despite the unequivocal value of something like vaccines, this guy, because he's a Kennedy and he's handsome and he's addicted to drugs and he's addicted to sex, he's able to overcome all of the intellectual resistance and all of the common sense that would otherwise lead people to believe that he's an idiot, and they fall for it.
And he's able to raise millions of dollars and able to put
videos and movies out and able to get Robert De Niro to talk shit on, on, on, on TV broadcasts.
So it's remarkable that this guy is being used by PBS NewsHour because he doesn't even seem to understand the history correctly.
It's vanity fair.
Look at this chump.
He immediately questions it and sows doubt about it.
And it turns out there was an audience who didn't trust that the government had created something.
But he sowed doubt on a government-provided script, which means he didn't say that this was an old technology that's been used on every bench, in every academic bench, on every university in America.
It's called transfection.
We're not going to do this to healthy people.
That would be nuts.
Even though he could have said it, because there was a medical
faculty member in the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine who was saying it in 2020 and got fired for saying it and he was aware of him, but yeah, whatever.
I think that could save their lives.
I can tell you a vaccine that prevents 99.8% of people from dying from COVID and it's called your immune system.
He has really found his calling because his Twitter feed explodes.
Now he's got a big following of people.
Wow, so Twitter is just out of control.
So Twitter and his really clever use of social media resulted in a bunch of people being fooled by bullshit.
Because Paul Offit doesn't know how to use social media.
Paul Offit doesn't have a social media manager, so he's not able to reach people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can.
If only Paul Offit and the pro-vaccine people had somebody as good at social media as Del Batre.
COVID is really a kind of godsend for Robert Kennedy.
It's a kind of part of the Savior story, isn't it?
You know, that the Savior is mocked.
Are we gonna keep calling him a Savior for this whole two hours?
Are we really gonna keep calling him a Savior like an enchantment?
This is the same clown who said that he had the marks.
Nobody listens.
And then something happens and he says, you were right all along.
If you take the vaccine, you're 500% more likely to die of a heart attack over the next six months than if you don't.
What a weird thing to be scripted to say now that we're in 2025 and people are talking about myocarditis, huh?
A strange thing to be talking about then.
It's almost like he was scripted.
One with a very large audience spreading misinformation.
It was really frustrating and really disheartening because we finally had a tool to combat this new virus that was killing thousands of people every week.
And a lot of those people now were making choices based on the bad information that he was spreading, and it was costing lives.
Let's go and fight for freedom.
Soon, Kennedy was facing powerful opposition.
There's nobody there!
President, what is the situation on the ground?
President Biden's COVID relief battle, his first real test as president.
And then Joe Biden tried to tamp down on misinformation.
We must end the politics of misinformation.
It's divided families, communities in the country.
It's cost too many lives already.
and the Biden administration starts working with social media companies to take- Hey, Sheryl Gay Stolberg.
Isn't that the chick that, that, that Robert Malone set up for, uh, Mark, are you still there?
Isn't that the chick?
I didn't watch it this far.
I think that's the girl that got, the lady that got set up with the Jesse Gelsinger story and made her career according to Robert Malone in an interview.
Uh, maybe Hugh Satonic will confirm that.
Misinformation.
And Kennedy is identified as one of the top misinformation spreaders.
That's a bingo!
That's fantastic!
Instagram has banned controversial anti-vaxxer Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Facebook, which owns Instagram, saying, we remove this account for repeatedly sharing debunked claims about the coronavirus or vaccines.
If you were a government that believed it was very important for everybody to get this mRNA vaccine, Bobby Kennedy Jr.
was your enemy.
He was the adversary you needed to knock.
Boy, Gavin is a great friend, isn't he?
Boy, he's awesome.
down.
Quickly on Instagram, they take him off Instagram.
YouTube, he's not allowed on YouTube.
Deplatformed.
Facebook, gone.
Can't be on Facebook.
My crime was... And so now the Facebook platform, the social media platforms can track everybody that goes from that click to searching for him.
And everybody that does that gets put into a social media group, gets funneled into, and what?
Del Bigtree said that social media gave everybody a voice.
No, social media gave everybody an answer, gave everybody bad questions, gave everybody a hero.
You see it now?
And they're all on a script to try and pretend that it wasn't their fault.
They had nothing to do with it.
They've been trying to stop him for years, but he's just the benefit of the Kennedy name and he's got lots of friends and money.
And so there's nothing we can do about it.
Just rich people get away with shit.
I'm in policies.
I'm not, it was not passing actual misinformation.
If there's fight or flight, he fights.
He sees it as a real affront.
He believes that what he's spreading is not misinformation.
It's just sort of, you know, making people more fully informed about vaccines, even though what he's spreading is misinformation.
And this is really when the seed of the idea to run for president is planted, because what really gets him going is, well, if I ran for president, I'd have to restore my social media accounts.
So he ran for president to get his social media accounts restored.
Stop lying!
That's so dumb, I don't even know where to start.
Especially because if you're a journalist, you would know about this frickin' book!
You're on the same show as the producer of this book, the editor and the president of this publishing company that published a book that just put out the hypothetical that a Republican president might take an independent candidate as their vice president if that independent candidate was Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and then that Republican candidate might get shot and then Republican, then Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would end up being president and could save the United States.
And you're in the same frickin' documentary as the jackass who's the president of this publishing company and yet you're gonna try and tell me that this is when the idea to run for president came in his mind.
That is some seriously stupid scripted shit right there.
Wow.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I was at his announcement in Boston.
It was incredible.
I was at his Boston announcement.
I was one row in front of Meryl Nass and Abby Rockefeller.
I was two rows behind Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone, next to my friend Mark Kulak and my not-so-friend John Bodwin.
You know, the guy with the CDC book and the guy that's been touring all around with McKernan and, and Kirsch, that guy was on the steering committee of Kirsch.
He's a terrible script, scripted shithead.
I mean, he was recruited late, but he's a scripted shithead and John Bodwin deserves to get punched in the face.
And if I ever see him in person, that's probably what I'm going to do.
felt that he was the savior.
It was Masonic.
He's a populist.
Did he just say Masonic?
That everyone was swept up.
He's a populist.
I thought he was a savior.
It was incredible.
And they felt that he was the savior.
It was Masonic.
He's a populist.
I thought that everyone was swept up.
As he made his announcement, he wasn't going to let his past hold him back.
I'm going to put my cards on the table.
I am not an ideal presidential candidate.
I had a rambunctious youth and it lasted until my early 60s.
I told my wife... We got to watch because we might get on this program because I was in the audience, so was Mark.
I got to pause it every time.
Pause.
I don't see.
Okay, I recognize her.
This is a lawyer at CHD.
Her name is Rita and she's awesome.
I think Rita is a good person.
Who else?
Oh, there's Robert Malone right there in the front row.
Which means that Mark and I would be over here somewhere.
Can you see that mouse?
I don't think you can see that.
You can see this mouse though.
I think we're over, wait, where's my mouse?
We're over here.
We're just to the right of this screen.
But the gnome is right down here.
You can see the gnome right here.
And then this would be Jill's head.
My wife, the other day, I said, I got so many skeletons in my closet that if they could vote, I could be king of the world.
Pause, that guy, let's see, that guy raises funds for CHD.
Who else do I see that I recognize?
Is that, that could be Vera, Vera Sharov right there.
I thought Andrew Huff was kind of here in kind of the middle somewhere, but
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe he was on the other side.
I don't think he got into the front part like we did.
He told me in my interview with him that he wanted to run because he felt he'd been muzzled.
Kind of a strange reason to run for president.
Oh, so this is another one of those journalists who can't seem to figure out that, yeah, it's a strange reason to run for president because it's not the right reason.
The reason why is because he's been set up to run for president, you dumb ass.
It's almost like they're all on a script because they can't figure it out even though it's all right there in front of their face.
All they got to do is like buy books.
Given that he's a Kennedy and he already had a platform, but you know, claiming that the world's against you has always been part of his narrative.
This is what happens when you censor somebody for 18 years.
So there's Robert Malone.
There's Jill Glasspool Malone.
And so we would be like right over here.
I don't think you'd have to turn the camera even that much, and we would be right there, which is super duper annoying.
But I'm coming up in a second, don't worry.
They shut me up that long, because now I'm going to really let loose on them for the next 18 months.
They're going to hear a lot from me.
Now remember, one of the things that happens here, now if you look very carefully you can see a guy right here with a black hat.
Okay, let me get my mouse over here.
With a black hat and then there's going to be an arm up here with a plaid shirt and that's me for sure.
So there's a black hat here and then I think that's actually, that actually might be Mark and then me.
But you'll see in a second, I'll pause it.
You can see my arm clearly.
And at the time right I will admit it.
I thought that something was happening.
I Thought something was happening.
I thought that these people were real.
I thought I thought Robert F. Kennedy jr Was real I didn't really think Robert Malone was real, but I thought him being there suggested that Robert F. Kennedy jr might be real But it was at this event that we saw
Mary, sorry, Meryl Nass walk into the center aisle and Robert Malone walk into the center aisle and then walk up to each other and hug without words.
And not hug in a casual way, but hug in a longtime friend way.
No words.
And then they walked away together.
That happened before this actually, before Kennedy took the stage.
And this is the end.
And it's remarkable because we were there.
This is real American history being distorted by a national security narrative control apparatus on social media and PBS NewsHour and lots of other news channels, because that's how this shit is done.
That's how the donuts are made.
Instagram lifted their- There it is right there.
Oh, ships.
Gotta go back.
Instagram so this arm right here.
I know you can see it that arm right there is
He's got a plaid shirt, and then there's a hand, and there's a GoPro camera, and then there's a black hat right here.
And that is me.
That is me on the PBS NewsHour Frontline episode about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I guess my work is done here.
This is my 15 minutes of fame.
This is as close as I'm gonna get to the truth getting out.
So enjoy it while it lasts, ladies and gentlemen.
lifted their ban on his personal social media after he decided to run because they couldn't restrict a presidential candidate.
It gives him a lot more headlines, a lot more media.
It puts him back on people's radar.
It was a political rally steeped in Kennedy family history.
So they censored him.
They censored him because the vaccine was so important and it worked so well.
But then when he ran for president, they couldn't censor him anymore.
That's what we're supposed to believe.
So he's so clever and so rich that he got through the censorship because he's a Kennedy.
of his father and uncle.
You know, I remember going to a campaign rally for Bobby Kennedy, and the marquees in all the theaters were filled with these kind of AI-generated images of the younger Bobby Kennedy, kind of as this knight crusading on a horse.
And in the background were the kind of ghostly figures of his father and his uncle, which is, I think, an apt metaphor.
He's completing the 1968 campaign that his father never finished.
I mean, it is truly like a sort of unashamed co-option of that legacy.
A Kennedy political action committee even repurposed JFK's TV ad.
Kennedy!
And I should say, much of his family is very angry about that.
Very angry.
It was just tacky and opportunistic.
He's in the position he's in for one reason, because his name is Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
See, that's the illusion.
He's in this position for one reason and one reason only, because the national security state required him to be there.
Forget his brother's dead, right?
That was his brother that died, also of an overdose, because they were probably setting him up, too.
He tried to deliver his unconventional message to a national audience.
So in the first big network interview that he had was on ABC News.
I sat down with him earlier today to ask him about his campaign and trying to take on the president.
And man, get this footage, because it is extraordinary.
They say, this interview you're about to see, we had to edit it to keep out untruths.
I mean, isn't it weird that all of his friends are so happy to go on PBS NewsHour?
Do they assume that they're doing him a favor?
This Gavin DeBecker guy comes off to me as a real backstabber, like yuck.
We should note that during our conversation, Kennedy made false claims about the COVID-19 vaccines.
We've used our editorial judgment in not including extended portions of that exchange in our interview.
Facing a mainstream media that was going to fact-check him, he instead relied on the unfiltered world of podcasts and social media.
— When the histories were written on Bobby Kennedy, one of the key attributes that led him to gain influence was independent media.
And that's how I met Bobby.
A podcast star.
Ladies and gentlemen, PBS NewsHour and PBS Frontline have been admitting
have been instructing you for the last several years that Substack and X are the new town square, the new journalism, and that podcasts are the new journalism, and the new news, and the new media.
And now these people are cementing that idea once and for all that, you know, podcasts are where really shit happens, like,
real discussions, and also real bad ideas, where people can raise millions of dollars with bad ideas on podcasts.
And podcast stars get away with that all the time.
Mr. Kennedy's presidential campaign.
The lack of snark from independent media, the ability for Bobby to just talk, was a key driver for him because he was able to get outside of this media filter.
the podcasting world that was full of people able to talk at length and without fact-checking.
And he loved it.
He was made for it.
The CIA is ultimately working for industry, like the oil industry, the coal industry, and the military.
It's weird, right?
If he's made for it, then why didn't Spotify give him like a $100 million contract and make a shit ton of money from it?
I don't know.
Callie Means could also, you know, why not?
Terry Contractor.
He pulls strange facts from all over the place and pieces them into a picture that seems plausible, right?
Even if it's completely fraudulent, it seems plausible.
And that's all you need to do on a podcast.
Wi-Fi radiation.
It does all kinds of bad things, including causing cancer.
Wi-Fi radiation causes cancer.
Yeah, from your cell phone.
I mean, cell phone tumors.
He advances this idea in speaking to a number of people.
100% of the people who died of the first thousand at what age were people who were addicted to poppers.
Maybe Judy Mikovits told him that.
He has argued in different points that the water is causing children to become transgender.
Maybe Alex Jones told him that.
The actual dysphoria that we're seeing, you know, these kids are being overwhelmed by a tsunami.
I mean, they're swimming through a soup of toxic chemicals today, and many of those are endocrine disruptors.
There's atrazine throughout our water supply.
He ends up going where all conspiracy theories end up, which is with the Jews.
He ends up going right into the antisemitic DNA of conspiracy theory.
COVID-19 is targeted to attack Caucasians and black people.
The people who are most immune are Ashkenazi Jews and Chinese.
And now you see.
You know, you see exactly how the script worked.
And you can see exactly how we were lured into solving the Scooby-Doo mystery, even though there were a lot of other retards following the same trail of breadcrumbs, we thought, well, you know... No, ladies and gentlemen, we were played.
We were set up.
He was scripted, and now they are using that script against him, just like it was written.
And we don't know whether they were deliberately targeted in that or not.
Regardless of the science, do you understand why people saw those remarks as anti-Semitic?
Well, I can understand why people were disturbed by those remarks.
They certainly weren't anti-Semitic.
They were not?
No, of course not.
I was talking about a true study, an NIH-funded study.
He knows better.
You know, he's not an idiot.
He knows what it means for somebody like him to start asking his followers to believe that somehow the Chinese and the Jews concocted COVID.
It's not just that he's kind of- It's funny because that's basically what Kevin McCairn in Japan has been saying since the very beginning, that the Chinese and the Jews did it and that the Indians are heroes and that I'm taking money from the Mossad.
I mean, it's pretty remarkable.
I mean, I don't know how they can leave out Epstein.
I mean, it just seems so obvious.
If you haven't read Whitney Webb's books, you don't know anything.
And they haven't mentioned Whitney Webb yet, so I don't know how I can take PBS News seriously anymore.
Very far away from the progressive legacy of the Kennedys, he's moving right into the worst forms of reactionary thinking.
It was too much for the rest of the Kennedy family.
They distanced themselves with a photo op.
We all went to the White House and spent time with President Biden and let him know that we were in his corner.
It was very disturbing to Bobby.
A lot of them were very close to Bobby and they loved him.
And he was very close to them.
He would call them all the time.
My name is Joe Kennedy.
I'm Carrie Kennedy.
I'm Lori Kennedy.
I'm Kathleen Kennedy Townsend.
Chris Kennedy.
And I'm here to proudly endorse Joe Biden.
Joe Biden.
It was designed to send a message, and I think it did the job.
I think it was covered nationally as, you know, this is a repudiation of RFK Jr.'
's campaign.
I think Joe Biden is the RFK of his generation.
This is a president who embodies the Kennedy legacy.
Bobby Kennedy's campaign was in trouble.
They were running out of money.
His campaign was already, you know, on fumes.
Robert F. Kennedy is not going to be the next president of the United States, and it's looking more and more like he might not even impact the outcome.
His poll numbers start to plummet and then sort of stagnate in the single digits.
Running into that summer of 2024, it was pretty clear that he had no path to victory.
Take a look at what happened.
He is holding up his arm.
He is pumping his fist.
Law enforcement agencies are treating this.
So it's the second time we've been shown this image in this series of videos.
Second time we've been told that Trump was shot and shown quote-unquote evidence of it being shot.
And now this is the second time that Del Bigtree is going to talk about how important it is that Donald Trump was actually shot.
Remember,
The Republican candidate in Jesse Ventura's book gets shot and that makes Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
become president in that book.
As an attempt at assassination.
The day that the assassination attempt occurred with President Trump, Bobby really wanted to talk to President Trump.
And that phone call happened within a few hours.
And it was, it was a bullet going around.
You know, what do they call that, an AR-15 or something?
That was a big gun.
Those were pretty tough guns, right?
President Trump then said to Bobby, I'm glad you called, Bobby.
I've been wanting to talk to you.
We should really work together.
I would love you to do stuff.
And I think it would be so good for New York and so good for you.
And we're going to win.
We're going to win.
It was a lot on his shoulders.
If I was to join President Trump, would he actually allow me to do anything?
Does he really mean it?
I think for Bobby, it came down to, if not Trump, then who?
Kennedy wanted a seat at the table.
His closest allies behind him were kind of saying, we don't really trust Trump, or, you know, we should do it.
That was hotly debated in Bobby's actual family.
I'm not talking about his siblings, his actual family, of his own kids and Cheryl and others who had very strong opinions at times against that idea.
I wrote a document strongly opposing supporting the Trump candidacy.
We all went to Hyannis Porter to discuss it.
What does it mean to cross over and join someone like President Trump?
It was intense.
It was one of those moments I'll cherish and I'll never forget.
The morning of the last day when we were discussing it, I woke up thinking, Bobby, you shouldn't do this.
But I had this really sinking feeling that this isn't the right move for Bobby.
I met him on the beach in front of the Kennedy Compound, and we walked on the beach.
And I said, Bobby, you have run telling your story of addiction and saying that we have to overcome self-will.
It's hard for me to imagine, if God is with us or is behind this, that what you're supposed to do is bow to the feet of someone who is probably the greatest personification of self-will.
That's Donald Trump.
Why would that be the case?
And Bobby said, I want you to say all that today in front of my family, in front of everybody.
It's a really good point.
And so I did.
I was amongst over a dozen people that weighed in that day.
And I gave a very impassioned plea.
I think I even had tears running down my face because we all just felt this beauty in Bobby.
He's so
honest and so empathetic and caring.
And the image that many of us had of Trump was just the exact opposite of that.
There was a lot of inner circle drama, angst in those days.
But ultimately, he decided that without a path forward, he didn't want to just, you know, drop out with nothing.
If he backed Trump and Trump won the White House, he could have meaningful power.
And by the end of that day, it was pretty much a unanimous decision.
This is the right move.
Trump's your only way forward.
Can we trust him?
Who knows?
But you don't really have any other options.
Tonight I'm very pleased to welcome a man, he is a great person, I've known him for so long, for the past 16 months, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
People mentioned it was the loudest applause they've heard other than for President Trump.
There was something electric about Bobby's acceptance into the MAGA community.
I think Bobby was really energized by that.
You have to imagine that kind of political attention is intoxicating.
He never had that kind of rally size as a presidential candidate.
That kind of access to the center of power is what he's in some ways been after his whole life.
I don't think I've ever introduced anybody that got applause like that.
The one addiction I think that he has now fully embraced is adulation.
He goes where he can get it.
I'm talking about finding adulation from conspiracy theorists, from anti-vaxxers.
So what just doesn't make any sense about this, and I want to be very clear before I go to bed, is that these people believe that that crowd was reacting
to the Kennedy name.
The crowd was reacting to the Kennedy charm, or the Kennedy eyes, or... It's remarkable that these journalists actually believe that none of the people in the audience are discerning enough, that they're all fooled.
that none of them believe in anything except for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
They don't believe that maybe intramuscular injections, a bad idea from the late 1800s.
Maybe they believe that RNA cannot pandemic.
Maybe they believe that their kid was poisoned by a particular intramuscular injection, but they believed that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was fighting for them, that CHD was fighting for them, that I can and
And Del Bigtree was fighting for them, but they weren't.
They were always a staged, sabotaged, predestined-to-fail movement.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't need to know that.
But Gavin DeBecker would need to know it.
Mary Holland would need to know it.
Meryl Nass would need to know it.
Robert Malone would need to know it.
A lot of people around him would need to know it.
The rest of his objecting family wouldn't need to know it because they're behaving exactly as is required by the script on their own.
That's the other part of a national security exercise you need to understand.
If Pierre Cory's dumb enough to go along with it, then he's fine.
That's great.
He's useful.
If Peter McCullough's dumb enough to go along with it, then he's useful.
That's great.
If Brett Weinstein's dumb enough to go along with it,
If there's an actor that's willing to read the lines, then it's fine.
It works.
If there's a journalist that's dumb enough to believe that they think they've figured something out, then that's fine.
They're useful.
You know, like...
Gay Stolberg, that we showed earlier, that was given the leaked, you know, bioethics whistleblowing report on Jesse Gelsinger all those years ago by Robert Malone, and she thinks her career was made because she was given the truth by a whistleblower.
When in reality, it was just a staged event.
Just like COVID is a staged event.
The adult life of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a staged event that goes back all the way to the murder of his dad and the murder of his uncle.
Because the murderers of the Kennedys and the murderers of Estes Kefauver didn't just say, okay, job done, I guess we can leave now.
From Trump voters, from the right wing,
The Kennedy family was the epitome of Democrats and he has chased adulation past the definition of what Kennedys were supposed to be.
And so by chasing adulation, by chasing his addictions and by being very charming and handsome and using the Kennedy name, he was able to make money.
He was able to run for president.
He was able to get all the way to HHS secretary, even though he's just an addicted loser, liar, fraud, right?
Isn't that weird?
His father, Robert Kennedy, a great man, and his uncle, President John F. Kennedy.
And I know that they are looking down right now and they are very, very proud of Bobby.
I'm proud of Bobby, you want to know the truth.
You know, the actual legacy of his father is a legacy of progressive change.
And the sun has ended up as really an important part to destroy whatever remnants of that legacy there might be.
It was another reinvention.
Remnants of that legacy there might be.
It's really too bad that Donald Trump's thumb is actually on the knuckle of
of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's hand.
It's actually really too bad.
Why do they show these handshakes?
It was another reinvention.
For now, less talk about vaccines and a new catchphrase.
And don't you want a president that's going to make America healthy again?
to make America healthy again, he built this new wing onto the MAGA movement, his own space where we knew he could live.
It was brilliant.
And the MAHA movement was born in that moment.
And don't we deserve a president of the United States that's going to make America healthy again?
Turning point.
Make America healthy again.
Nobody can argue with that.
When I saw Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's speech, I just realized at that moment that, oh my goodness, we might actually have a chance to fix the food system.
And so this is a woman who apparently made a lot of fame and fortune on the internet being the food babe.
because she's pretty and she talks about food, but she's not concerned about vaccines at all.
And even after meeting all these people and being in all of these alternative meetings, she's not concerned about vaccines at all, which leads me to believe that she's probably full of shit.
I know there's a lot of people out there that like the food babe, but I think she's probably just a very pretty girl on a script.
And it's unfortunate, but that's what I see.
I see it in a lot of them because, again, you got to have some progress.
You can't think about like, oh, we got to get all the bad dyes out of our cereal and then focus on that and focus on that and focus on that and focus on that as if there are no other problems in the world.
You know, like when, I don't know, a hundred thousand or 120,000 Americans are dying of opioids every year, like bad opioids, opioids from China or somewhere and, or India.
And we're not doing shit about it.
Even though we have an addicted guy at HHS.
Really?
Donald Trump can bomb boats, but we don't talk about the Americans that are being killed by the drugs on the boats that he's bombing.
Don't you want a president who's going to get the chemicals out of our food?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
did not really talk about food until the end of 2024.
That was not really a top talking point for him until you saw the Maha movement get launched.
It was somewhat of a rebrand for him, so to speak.
And a very populist one at that.
Nobody gets a standing ovation like that.
What's going on over here?
Suddenly, now, everywhere you're going, it's another room of 20,000 to 40,000 people jumping to their feet and cheering.
It was like suddenly you knew you had a rock star.
Isn't that funny?
Because we only saw it once but apparently Del saw it lots of times.
We just saw another clip of Donald Trump saying, wow we never get it.
That was that turning point.
So how many times did they do that?
Bobby was a rock star.
Finally he had a hit song.
And it was going crazy.
It's almost like Del Bigtree has been scripted to play this sort of lapdog worshipper that has been fallen under the spell of the false savior, isn't it?
It's almost like he's been scripted to play that exact role in a PBS Frontline documentary.
Washington is if we get Donald Trump elected.
And on election night, Bobby Kennedy's deal with Donald Trump paid off.
Former President Trump once again becomes President-elect Trump.
President Trump surprised across the country, across every demographic group.
Our future was hanging in the balance over Trump winning.
So I have to say, the moment he won is a huge relief.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., he came in.
And he's going to help make America healthy again.
We were so elated, and it was almost like, oh, we did it.
And then the next morning, you know, it sort of sunk in.
Wait a minute, Bobby's still got to get confirmed.
There's still a vote that has to happen.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is Mr. Trump's pick for Secretary of Health and Human Services.
If confirmed, Kennedy would be in charge of the CDC, National Institutes of Health, with a budget of nearly $2 trillion annually.
What's on the line for him is something he's wanted for years.
It's a seat of power that he's never held at that level.
I mean, being a cabinet secretary is a huge political advancement for him, obviously.
And it's also a culmination of his years of feeling like he's on the outside.
Now he would be the one making the decision.
— To get there, Kennedy would first have to go before the United States Senate.
— This could also be a long road ahead for Senate confirmation.
— There undoubtedly will be some heated reaction to this pick.
— Dear Senators, now that Bobby has been nominated by President Trump to be Secretary of Health and Human Services,
a position that would put him in charge of the health of the American people.
I feel an obligation to speak out.
Bobby's cousin Caroline is President John F. Kennedy's daughter.
She wrote a letter to key senators.
I talked to Caroline.
She showed me the letter.
And I said, look, I think you should send it because if there's any chance of derailing the nomination, we have to do our best.
Overseeing the FDA, the NIH, the CDC, and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, agencies that are charged with protecting the most vulnerable among us, is an enormous responsibility and one that Bobby is unqualified to fill.
Caroline's letter was the real shocker.
If you listen to his cousin Caroline, there was a cruel side to him.
I've known Bobby my whole life.
We grew up together.
Don't forget that that Times reporter there, Stolberg, was the one that Robert Malone claims to have set up with Jesse Gelsinger's story way back when.
It's no surprise that he keeps birds of prey as pets because Bobby himself is a predator.
His basement
His garage, his dorm room were always the center of the action, where drugs were available and he enjoyed showing off how he put baby chickens and mice in a blender to feed to his hawks.
It was often a perverse scene of despair and violence.
Siblings and cousins who Bobby encouraged down the path of substance abuse suffered addiction, illness, and death.
While Bobby has gone on
to misrepresent lies and cheat his way through life.
Confirmation hearings are happening today.
RFK Jr.
for HHS secretary.
The question is, will lawmakers actually listen to Caroline Kennedy?
In addition to Caroline Kennedy's attack, the Democrats on the committee joined in.
He has made it his life's work to sow doubt and discourage parents from getting their kids life-saving vaccines.
Your voice would be a voice that parents would listen to.
That is so dangerous.
I will be voting against your nomination because your views are dangerous to our state and to our country.
When was it that you decided to sell out the values you've had your whole life in order to be given power by President Trump?
One thing that I've been struck by in my interviews with him over the years, there's kind of this like latent, this kind of seething anger to him.
And I saw some of that in the hearings, you know, especially when he was questioned by the Democratic senators.
Senator, there are 91,000 employees.
So that, I take that as a, I take it, that's a simple yes and I'm going to take that as a no.
Do you think I can run that agency without any medicine?
I take that as a no.
That's amazing because now I think what we're seeing is very clearly a guy who was played for his whole life.
Believes a lot of the things he's been told.
Believes a lot of the myths he's been told.
Believes what he's been told by Robert Malone, Kevin McKernan, Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Gavin DeBecker for many years.
That's why he's where he is.
That's why he behaves the way he behaves.
I was struck by the demeanor that he showed toward senators.
He was not afraid to take on senators and to berate them.
It kind of shows you that this is not your ordinary cabinet secretary.
is someone who feels himself to be equal to these senators.
He's there calling Bernie Sanders Bernie instead of Senator.
And by the way, Bernie, almost all the members of this panel are accepting, including yourself, are accepting millions of dollars from the pharmaceutical industry.
Oh, no, no, no.
And protecting their interests.
It was hard to watch hour upon hour of just this vomiting upon Bobby, and it didn't matter what he said.
You're watching someone that is now having to navigate politics and handle very difficult questions.
That's not the question.
You and I, you have said — You're asking me, Senator — The Democrats look mean, angry, spiteful.
It was like watching one of your best friends try to fight with both of his hands tied behind his back.
But I thought he did a brilliant job under those circumstances.
Despite years of railing against vaccines, he tried to reassure senators that he wouldn't do away with them once in power.
I support the measles vaccine.
I support the polio vaccine.
I will do nothing as HHS secretary that makes it difficult or discourages people from taking either of those vaccines.
It was pretty obvious that he was trying to hide who he was, and it was unclear if the senators voting on his confirmation believed him or just didn't care to look into it any more deeply.
The question occurs on the Kennedy nomination.
Clerk, call the roll.
Senators voting in the affirmative.
Bozeman, Cornyn, Crapo, Graham.
He's obviously somebody who revels in his power, who believes he deserves this power, who believes that he could have been president, should have been president, who believes he can run an American health care system.
On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 48.
The confirmation is confirmed.
That was the Senate confirming Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as Secretary of Health and Human Services.
Not a single Democrat voted for Kennedy.
Kennedy was quickly sworn in.
He will now preside over a $1.7 trillion budget.
I think it was the ultimate redemption for all the struggles that he has gone through in his career.
and all the attacks, it was the ultimate redemption.
It is a token of just how extraordinary the times we're living in are, that a figure who's so fundamentally at odds with science, with evidence, with truth, ends up in the position of power, which is built completely on all of those things.
What's a department of health if it's not a department of evidence, if it's not a department of science, if it's not a department of trying to match rational means to rational ends?
All the things that he has denied, he's sort of ended up in charge of.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is now the nation's Secretary of Health and Human Services, officially.
The Maha movement has begun.
As the new HHS secretary says, the future of public health is about to change forever.
He perceives the agencies that he is running as the enemy.
as corrupt and in need of being dismantled.
Whether it's CDC, NIH, FDA, throughout COVID, they all lied.
Look at what CDC and NIH's and FDA's behavior during COVID.
What are they showing you here?
Governance by podcast.
A minute ago, they were bitching because, you know, he got to go on podcasts and say whatever he wants.
And then now they're going to show you all that stuff and pretend that they couldn't do anything about it because that's how podcasts work.
These are industries that are not doing public health, they are doing pharmaceutical profit promotion.
Mr. Kennedy was in direct control of agencies that he had been saying for years were criminal organizations captured by big pharma.
The CDC vaccine branch has really
Tucker Carlson.
He said openly that American government employees were poisoning the American public.
Now that he's reached this ascent of power, it's time for him to deliver.
Kennedy comes in and it's literally like one big Trump Apprentice show, like, you're fired.
You know, everybody's fired.
Growing lines of confusion.
Employees turned away, told they no longer had jobs.
Cutting 20,000 people from the department, a quarter of its workforce.
If any CEO comes into a company, you expect they're going to immediately start doing interviews and weed out who has moved this company in the wrong direction.
If you find scientists that were willing to compromise the truth, you've got to cut that out.
Among those fired, top doctors, researchers, and disease trackers.
The layoffs are hitting everywhere from the FDA to CDC and national institutes of health.
CDC and FDA were looked at, as well as NIH, as essentially the jewels in the world's crown of public health agencies.
And now, what are they?
They're shadows of their former selves.
— Dr. Peter Marks, that architect of Trump's Project Warp Speed, was a high-profile casualty of those early cuts.
— Peter Marks abruptly resigning, saying that RFK Jr.
is posing a danger to the public.
Marx expressed concerns about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's lack of confidence in vaccines.
He's pushing back against people who've told him he's a fraud and a crank and endangering people's lives.
There's certainly an element of revenge that you can see in his actions as the secretary.
They all know what he's thinking.
It's very hard to see what was built over my 13 years at FDA.
Yeah, he was resigned, but he got cut.
And during my nine years as center director, essentially destroyed or largely destroyed.
So it's very sad to me.
Oh, please.
What a liar.
Where it's gone.
It was chilling when Friedenmarks was pushed out.
That was probably the first signal.
I was like, okay, so yeah, they're coming for vaccine policy, they're coming for COVID vaccines, they're coming for the science-based recommendations.
He quickly took aim at the CDC's panel of experts that recommends vaccination policy, ACIP.
Oh no.
There were 17 members of this panel.
Kennedy fires them all.
Still the same lady, wow.
Two weeks before their scheduled meeting.
For those of us that believe that the regulatory agencies have been committing fraud, removing the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices was one of the greatest moves that has ever taken place.
And then they announced the people who were coming on, and those folks have a lot of baggage around vaccines and have been outspoken about their opposition of vaccines.
Dr. Havers was scheduled to deliver a presentation to the committee.
I did not want to participate in what he was turning into a sham process.
They're clearly not doing this in good faith anymore.
They're not playing by the rules.
They're not using gold standard science.
They're not using evidence.
I didn't feel like I could sort of legitimize this committee by presenting to them and presenting the data to them.
And for like my own personal integrity, that was the moment I was like, I'm out.
They all quit.
I just couldn't participate any longer in what he'd made a complete sham.
But Kennedy's supporters liked the direction he was going.
— It felt like, finally, we were going to be able to have science take a priority over public policy and public health.
It felt like there was going to be a— — It feels significant to me that they're choosing Lynn Redwood instead of, let's say, Mary Holland or— not really, Mary Holland wouldn't be a good choice,
but Laura Bono.
— A real push to be able to stop a lot of the corporate capture of our federal regulatory agencies.
— Good morning, everybody, and welcome back to the— — Lynn Redwood became Kennedy's special advisor and addressed the committee.
— The next presenter is Lynn Redwood, so please.
— Thank you, Martin.
For those of us that know his story, it was a historic moment to see Lynn Redwood get up and present at the ACIP meeting.
The use of thimerosal and over-the-counter products is not generally recognized as safe or effective.
Lynn Redwood came in and presented data on thimerosal, which was, frankly, science that had been debunked.
Removing a known neurotoxin is a good place to start with making America healthy again.
Kennedy's committee voted to ban thimerosal.
The secretary has signed off on a ban on thimerosal.
A major move, banning a mercury-based preservative from all vaccines.
To see him remove that, that had to be a cathartic moment.
Robert Kennedy Jr.
had essentially destroyed his career by getting into a conversation about mercury in vaccines.
The Rolling Stone article being retracted.
This is what drove him into his investigation of vaccines.
— He's already gutted a vaccine advisory committee, he's cut billions to state health agencies, and canceled an ad campaign for the flu shot.
— He's the same person he's been for the last 20 years.
I think he's a man on a mission.
— Dr. Paul Offit, who served as a vaccine advisor to the FDA, was also pushed out.
His mission is to eliminate chronic diseases, and he believes that the best way to do that is to make vaccines less available, less affordable, and more effluent.
And if he had an opportunity, he would eliminate vaccines.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
announced he's shutting down nearly half a billion dollars in mRNA research.
mRNA shots were first used during the COVID-19 pandemic.
then a crisis.
Atlanta 911, what is the location of your emergency?
Across the street from the CDC, there's an active shooter.
Oh my God.
I was on the fifth floor of building 16 when we started hearing the sound of the bullets.
It was very loud and it was very repetitive.
And so many of us thought that this was a jackhammer.
And then the tornado siren went off over at Emory.
That indicated to us that this was real.
These are shots hitting the building.
And then there was just glass all over the place.
Another U.S.
shooting, this time outside the CDC headquarters in Atlanta.
The gunman fired more than 500 shots, striking buildings on the CDC campus nearly 200 times.
When it was all over, the gunman and 33-year-old officer David Rose were both dead.
Chilling new details about the suspect.
He blamed the COVID-19 vaccine for making him depressed and suicidal.
The suspect blamed the CDC for an illness that he possibly had.
When I saw that it was due to COVID misinformation, I was very angry that because of misinformation that was out there, it resulted in harm to Officer Rose and longtime trauma for my staff.
Dr. Deborah Aure was the highest-ranking scientist at the CDC.
They truly felt targeted because they were CDC and the work that's being done.
Some of our staff who'd work on vaccine science or other high-profile topics don't want to present publicly right now and don't want their names on papers.
They're concerned about their own personal safety because of this, and it's been propelled by misinformation.
The shots are, I think, only metaphorical for the shots that we've had flung at us for the last five years.
All of the dehumanization of the public health workforce that has happened, with Secretary Kennedy being one of the dehumanizers, I think has created the environment where such violence is tolerated.
The Health and Human Services Secretary, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., visited the CDC headquarters.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who criticized the vaccine and the CDC in the past,
That was the first time he'd been to CDC.
And it was a fairly brief visit.
I actually did tour the facility with Secretary Kennedy.
That was the only time I'd ever met him.
And he seemed, you know, really surprised by the extent of the damage.
Each bullet or each shattered glass, that was meant for a person.
That was meant for one of our staff.
The staff were deeply concerned that we had a secretary that had been demeaning the agency.
And they were calling for him to make statements against that, to really correct the record, indicate that vaccines are safe.
I come from a family that lost two of its members to political violence, and it's always wrong.
So what is the plan to sort of quell disinformation, misinformation, so that something like this doesn't happen again?
Well, you know, I would not say that this — we don't know enough about what the motive was of this individual.
But people can ask questions.
In light of what he had just seen, I was very disappointed.
I was hoping that he would defend the agency, and that didn't happen.
I'm sure he would say, why is it his responsibility that some guy showed up with a gun at the CDC?
Kennedy is often able to kind of play this role of, like, hyping people up and then kind of distancing himself from the impact.
Deepening the crisis for Kennedy, his new CDC director, Susan Monaras, contradicted him, blaming misinformation for the shooting.
The dangers of misinformation and its promulgation has now led to deadly consequences.
It was important for the staff to hear that, but also it's a statement of fact that that's what happened.
So in that sense, the staff were pleased to see that coming from the director.
I think that public statement is a very dangerous statement.
I think it's dangerous when we attribute why things are happening.
That's an opinion that fuels rage in a lot of hearts and minds.
When you start seeing scientists making opinions that are going to affect millions of people's attitudes and lives without scientific evidence, I think that's a problem.
the shooting inflamed tensions between Kennedy and Monares.
In a meeting, he demanded she fire top staff and commit to support his vaccine agenda.
— Susan called me right after, was very upset.
She told the secretary she also stood behind, like, data and science, and she couldn't rubber-stamp recommendations.
She couldn't agree to sign off on vaccine recommendations before she had seen it.
tumult at the CDC as the Department of Health and Human Services announces the director of the CDC is out.
Susan Monterrez was at odds with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
over his COVID vaccine policies.
I mean, who's in charge, right?
In this case, Robert Kennedy Jr.
is in charge, and he's trying to triage the worst health situation this country has ever found itself in.
You don't have time to have disagreement around you.
Get someone in here that agrees with where we're going, and let's do this.
— Menard is a staunch supporter of vaccines, and her ouster comes as Kennedy, a vaccine skeptic, moves to reshape the government's approach.
— For many of the CDC's top scientists, it was the last straw.
With her removal, I think was what brought the other two doctors and myself to resign.
I told her the second she left, I was gone.
I saw all of the scientific endeavors starting to become like weaponized into an ideology machine, and I had to leave.
I see the reality-based community trying to alert the public that there is something fantastical and crazy going on inside that world.
the direction that the country... And so this guy with the glasses there in the middle, the CDC guy, is the one that they supposedly had pictures of him in bondage leather and stuff like that.
It's so stupid.
Dmitry's public health is going is not one that is evidence-based or science-based.
America's public health is significantly in danger.
And Dmitry, Dan, and I chose to leave together to send that bat signal.
For Bobby Kennedy Jr., it's probably just evidence that he's right.
That's what he's been saying for the last 20 years every time somebody resisted him.
You know, it was just like, more evidence that I must be on the right path.
You know, the CDC is an agency that is very troubled.
And it's going to require getting rid of some people over the long term in order for us to change the institutional culture.
He's able to continually spin it.
You know, I have found people who aren't towing the line who are your enemy, and I'm getting rid of them.
Are they leaving?
He's constantly able to spin it that way.
There's really a deeply, deeply embedded, I would say, malaise at the agency.
And we need to fix it, and we are fixing it.
CDC is in a bad place.
It's a very specific and important agency for the U.S., and right now it's coding in the ICU.
It's on life support.
It may not make it.
The FDA might not make it either, and the FDA not making it would be a real big disaster for all of us.
And it's funny how many of these people have hated the FDA since the very beginning.
how they're not even talking about the FDA on the PBS NewsHour, even though it's his father and Brett Weinstein's father and Estes Kefauver who were responsible for modernizing the FDA in the same month or two that that John F. Kennedy guy was shot.
if he continues in the current approach.
It will make decisions to get vaccinated more difficult.
As you see an erosion of people's trust, you'll see the numbers of people getting vaccinated going down, and you'll start to see the numbers of illnesses coming back up.
And that is an awful thing to think about in a country that has put so much into protecting Americans with vaccines so far.
nice.
With changes to vaccine policy fueling the turmoil at the CDC, confusion over how and where Americans will get the new COVID vaccine.
We've had quite a few number of measles cases this year and it's just one more vaccine that isn't available.
He's turning the world upside down to make himself right and to prove that he was right all along.
To prove that this power and this destiny that he had to be here where he is was always correct.
And there's nothing anybody can do about it because he's so handsome and he's so Kennedy.
Listen to this music.
recommend the MMRV vaccine for kids under the age of four.
If you disrupt and dismantle vaccination programs, people will die.
It's just an absolute reality.
Is he so used now to kind of compartmentalizing what he says and what the consequences might be as two completely different things that he doesn't see that connection anymore?
between the way he uses power and what effect that's going to have, which will be matters of life and death for millions and millions and millions of people in America and around the world.
Trump and RFK Jr.
linking autism to Tylenol without any new evidence.
Six former Surgeons General sounding the alarm on Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
The group's science and expertise has taken a backseat to ideology and misinformation.
Ladies and gentlemen, I told you it was a trap.
And I think PBS frontline by releasing that yesterday has all but admitted it was always a scripted trap.
I don't know exactly when they recruited him exactly when they had him, but it didn't stop when his dad was killed.
That's when it started.
The Kennedy family has been completely discredited and destroyed by a multi-generational attack on America.
They are the victims just like we are.
And we are still being victimized by their complete and total discrediting.
That's why we have so many books about who killed JFK and so many books about who killed RFK, but no real solution to the problem.
No real answer except for a general feeling that the government did it.
But if the government did it, then what's the logical conclusion to come to?
The government didn't leave those kids alone.
The government is using those kids against us as part of a national security theater scripted by people a lot smarter than Bobby.
Like Robert Malone, Merrill Nass, Kevin McKernan, Mark Lander, Tony Fauci, Francis Collins.
I don't know.
The guy who's the head of DITRA.
What's his name again?
David Hohn?
Maybe the guy who's the head of U.S.
Emirate.
I don't know.
Well, who's that guy?
Sina Bavari?
Like, I'm talking about foreigners in charge of big offices in America.
You know, like the NIH director or the FDA director.
Ladies and gentlemen, America's under attack.
And it's easy to see.
All you gotta do is follow me.
Or you can follow Mark Kulak.
Thanks for being here.
I'll see you again soon.
Probably not tomorrow because this is like three and a half hours and I'm exhausted and I need to go to bed.
But maybe, maybe, maybe tomorrow.
It's possible it could be tomorrow.
I don't know.
Thanks for being here.
See you soon.
Yeah.